You must carry your camping gear .
Sound carries well over water .


Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?


Break an alibi .
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .


He wore a jock strap with a metal cup .
Bees filled the waxen cups with honey .


The Academy of Music .
The French Academy .


Set the table .
To set glass in a sash .


Starch clothes .
She starched her blouses .


Do you take sugar in your coffee ?
A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors .


I try to avoid the company of gamblers .
We avoided the ball .


He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists .
The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .


Come out of the closet !
He came singing down the road .


Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .
The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .


Her death came as a terrible shock .
He had two deaths on his conscience .


The despite in which outsiders were held is legendary .
She wanted neither favor nor despite .


A school of small glittering fish swam by .
The divers encountered a huge school of mackerel .


We should go farther in this matter .
She went through a lot of trouble .


The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .


Fall by the wayside .
The cities fell to the enemy .


This dough does not work easily .
Work the phones .


The armies met in the shock of battle .
The train hit the buffers with a great shock .


This speech did n't play well with the American public .
Play football .


What do you make of his remarks ?
Make a dress .


The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .
The end was exciting .


There was a break in the action when a player was hurt .
He was up two breaks in the second set .


It was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it .
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .


There was too much for one person to do .
Each person is unique , both mentally and physically .


Answer the door .
She answered the door .


All you ever do is surf the Internet .
A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .


Play fair .
Play football .


What message do you see in this letter ?
We had to see a psychiatrist .


To strip to the buff .
Swimming in the buff .


She made the boy brush his teeth every night .
Most soldiers are only boys in uniform .


She was the picture of despair .
The very picture of a modern general .


She did n't want to answer .
This may answer her needs .


Tickets are $ 5 per head .
He is two heads taller than his little sister .


Break into tears .
If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .


To die to pleasure or to sin .
She died from cancer .


The stock market reached a peak in September 1929 .
Voltage peak .


A hermit does n't much care for civilization .
Early Mayan civilization .


These bonds carry warrants .
She carries her ideas to the extreme .


He wanted a shot at the champion .
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .


The body of the car was badly rusted .
Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .


Cut a ticket .
Cut orders .


She seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own .
Give her recognition for trying .


You have to shift when you go down a steep hill .
He shifted in his seat .


A stock cube .
A sugar cube .


Let 's follow our great helmsman !
He followed his lecture with a question and answer period .


I apply this rule to get good results .
Apply a magnetic field here .


Fall asleep .
She fell ill .


She may not make the grade .
Make a stir .


Under the head of minor Roman poets .
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .


A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .


Give a divorce .
The wall gave in .


To drive sheep out of a field .
Drive the cows into the barn .


Fall by the wayside .
To fall a tree .


He ′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .
She 's got such a gob on her – she′s always gossiping about someone or other .


The scale of the map .
The scale of the model .


We had to stand for the entire performance !
On the pedestal stood a statue .


She may not make the grade .
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .


The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
There was only one piece of furniture in the room .


Give a yelp .
This student gives promise of real creativity .


Cut a movie scene .
Cut a Ping-Pong ball .


Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS .
A text file will have a file extension of .txt .


He was elected to a seat in the Senate .
He dusted off the seat before sitting down .


Make enemies .
What do you make of his remarks ?


We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .
Make the bed .


Do you take me for a fool ?
Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .


Tea has fragrant white flowers .
Iced tea is a cooling drink .


Take sick .
I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .


Do you know the way to the airport ?
He said he was looking for the way out .


The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .
200 head of cattle .


Lift the box onto the table .
I lifted the books .


The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether .
The space between his teeth .


What was your score on your homework ?
The score was 7 to 0 .


How does your idea work in practice ?
The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .


He could be Gingrich 's double .
Saddam Hussein was rumored to have many doubles .


The space between his teeth .
The architect left space in front of the building .


Fix breakfast for the guests , please .
That 'll fix him good !


Matters came to a head yesterday .
The head of the column advanced boldly .


He bet $ 2 on number six to show .
I showed the customer the glove section .


I take it you 're not going ?
He was often taken to be a man of means .


The employer wants to cut back health benefits .
Cut trenches .


A roller cot ( the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame ) .
A cot for a sore finger .


These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run .
The sale will run for ten days .


Now I see !
I want to see whether she speaks French .


Drive the cows into the barn .
Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .


A bit of lint .
The horse was not accustomed to a bit .


Stir the soil .
Stir emotions .


This trombone is very expensive .
Jim plays the trombone very well .


To fall a tree .
Night fell .


Trace your path .
Trace the outline of a figure in the sand .


Take a pulse .
A reading was taken of the earth 's tremors .


I will carry the secret to my grave .
I carry a lot of life insurance .


Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .
Heavenly body .


I hold with those who say life is sacred .
Hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting .


Build a reputation .
Build detergents .


Smooth the way towards peace negotiations .
Smooth the surface of the wood .


We carry a very large mortgage .
The troops carried the town after a brief fight .


The war against crime .
The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .


Please reply to my letter .
He replied that he was not sure .


The children were playing house .
She felt she had to get out of the house .


What position does he play ?
Stop running all over the field and play your position !


Play sports .
Who 's playing now ?


The circus will be in town next week .
He ran away from home to join the circus .


Break a law .
Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children .


There was a certain woodenness in his replies .
He criticized the woodenness of the acting .


Thanks to that quack I am a human wreck .
The house was a wreck when they bought it .


Catch the mood .
Do n't catch your meaning .


Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales .
The market had one bad blip today .


The fields vegetate vigorously .
The bacterial growth vegetated along .


Peeling potatoes is a drag .
He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly .


He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful .
Settling a score .


She gave great head .
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .


Please turn down the volume on the stereo .
The kids played their music at full volume .


He removed the top of the carton .
He could n't get the top off of the bottle .


We had to stand for the entire performance !
There stood on the corner a statue .


He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .
I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .


Take steps .
Take action .


What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .


Raise a mutiny .
Raise the roof .


We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
Barbecue over an open fire .


Start a new job .
I start my day with a good breakfast .


The sale will run for ten days .
The meeting ran late .


Do nothing .
A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .


He was surprised by the absence of any explanation .
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .


Cut a check .
Cut the rope .


Ream oranges .
The dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment .


Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
Run rogue .


I will run the sample .
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .


May God keep you .
The student was kept after school .


Work one 's way through the crowd .
She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .


Draw water for a bath .
Draw parallels .


Clothes make the man .
He made to speak but said nothing in the end .


We 'll have to vote on whether or not to admit a new member .
He admitted his guilt .


You ca n't take credit for this !
We took an apartment on a quiet street .


Make a mess in one 's office .
She 'll make a fine president .


I will stake my good reputation for this .
Stake your goat .


He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
You have to spend money to make money !


The machine is now in working order .
A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there .


The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .
This method does n't work .


There 's good stuff in that book .
The stuff of heros .


He resorted to the interception of his daughter 's letters .
He claimed that the interception of one missile by another would be impossible .


Raise a smile .
Raise your ` o ' .


If you were in my place what would you do ?
He has a special place in my thoughts .


Take steps .
Shall we take a guide in Rome ?


They say he gives good head .
The head of the list .


You look like someone drug you behind a horse for half a mile .
They drugged the kidnapped tourist .


He overstepped his place .
He put the lamp back in its place .


Raise the question of promotions .
Raise from the dead .


Fall by the wayside .
Christmas falls on a Monday this year .


Keep my job for me while I give birth .
Keep a diary .


In defense he said the other man started it .
The artillery battered down the defenses .


We take all major credit cards .
Do you take sugar in your coffee ?


Give homage .
She gave herself to many men .


Check the brakes .
Check the oil in your car once a month .


The unlawful restraint of trade .
Restraints imposed on imports .


He can hold his liquor .
To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .


Did you ever visit Paris ?
The principal visited his rage on the students .


A nice line of shoes .
They were arrayed in line of battle .


What do you make of his remarks ?
Make a mistake .


Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .


Life has lost its point .
He broke the point of his pencil .


That store offers a variety of products .
That store offers a variety of products .


The grant does n't cover my salary .
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House .


Run a subject .
I 'm not ready to run a marathon .


I can not accept your invitation .
We accept the idea of universal health care .


The piano had a very stiff action .
A rifle action .


Contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull .
The pilot made contact with the base .


Put down 5 and carry 2 .
I am carrying his child .


Would you please cut the cake ?
Cut a hole .


Gather some stones .
Herman gathered the students together .


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
This pipe admits air .


It brought out his better side .
The Confederate side was prepared to attack .


Draw a weapon .
A ship draws ten feet of water .


A wall of prejudice .
The container 's walls were blue .


The airwaves carry the sound .
Sound carries well over water .


These bonds carry warrants .
The dog was taught to fetch and carry .


Turn the corner .
We turned from Socialism to Capitalism .


The dog was taught to fetch and carry .
Carry a cause .


Spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel .
The heat radiates from a stove .


Choke a carburetor .
The pirate choked the sailor to death .


There is a lovely little church in the valley .
The church was empty .


Do you take me for a fool ?
I take it you 're not going ?


Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?
These computers connected well .


The French doors give onto a terrace .
The wall gave in .


His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return .
On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party .


He is out of action .
The piano had a very stiff action .


Tickets are $ 5 per head .
We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .


On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
All hands on deck .


The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .
You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .


The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .
He described what we should do .


Do you know my sister ?
I know him under a different name .


Turn your face to the wall .
The people turned against the President when he stole the election .


He sailed around the world .
All the world loves a lover .


I ride to work in a bus .
She rode a wave of popularity .


We take the Times every day .
Take action .


She was vice-presidential material .
He was university material .


This dough does not work easily .
Can you work an electric drill ?


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
Where did you come from ?


In warfare , whoever opens fire first has a greater chance of victory .
Surrender fires the cold skepticism .


Cover the grave with flowers .
She covered herself with glory .


What is the point of discussing it ?
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .


It was all done in play .
Rain stopped play in the 4th inning .


You take a chance when you let her drive .
We had the chance to meet the president last week .


He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away .
He drank a cup of coffee .


A drop of each sample was analyzed .
They expected the drop would be successful .


Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .
Focus on passing the test .


He broke the point of his pencil .
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .


The collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill .
Three passengers were killed in the collision .


Do you take me for a fool ?
He was often taken to be a man of means .


Plug the wall .
He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .


The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
My ex-husband means nothing to me .


It was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road .
From the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water .


Nuts shell in falling .
Wheat or rye shells in reaping .


Make lead into gold .
How much do you make a month in your new job ?


The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .
Who 's running for treasurer this year ?


Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
The wound I got in my car accident left behind a massive scar .


How could you do such a thing ?
He has a thing about seafood .


It can be tricky to land a helicopter .
Use the net to land the fish .


There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
Open a window and let in some air .


Make a phone call .
They make a cute couple .


The house gets a percentage of every bet .
He has a house on Cape Cod .


He was mistreated while in police custody .
The suspect is in custody .


He is an intellectual giant , and I have great respect for him .
Be sure to give my respects to the dean .


People knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages .
Stain this table a beautiful walnut color .


The sale will run for ten days .
The book runs 655 pages .


Please strike this remark from the record .
We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .


I used to take The Sunday Times .
You ca n't take credit for this !


We can not continue several servants any longer .
The bad weather continued for two more weeks .


Play the stock market .
Play cards .


Sugar loaf .
A loaf of cheese .


You must carry your camping gear .
Amanda carried the package .


The sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered .
The sum of forty pounds .


He is blind -- he can not see .
I saw him laughing .


The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
The movie hits theaters in December .


She cut the deck for a long time .
Soap cuts grease .


Mastering a second language requires a lot of work .
He arrived at work early today .


He recalled the experience vividly .
It was an experience he would not soon forget .


I used to take The Sunday Times .
Take action .


Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .
We focused on it .


A thread of smoke climbed upward .
From the air the road was a grey thread .


She cut the deck for a long time .
Cut a disk .


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
The shoes came untied .


Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues .
Coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers .


Your place or mine ?
If you were in my place what would you do ?


They set out on their return to the base camp .
I expect the house to be spotless upon my return .


There is a law against kidnapping .
By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .


Wash in warm water and tumble dry .
They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern .


Stream of consciousness .
Two streams of development run through American history .


The play lasted two hours .
They made a futile play for power .


I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .
He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .


He paid all his bills by check .
He asked the waiter for the check .


Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .


Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .
A sudden recognition of the problem he faced .


Can you remember her phone number ?
I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .


Room to pass .
There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .


A disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive .
A microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer .


It was a nice piece of work .
He needed a piece of granite .


To move in a matter .
She moved the queen closer to the centre of the board .


Chief of Staff is the second-highest position in the army .
Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life .


Let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?
How nice to see you again !


His horse won by a head .
He is two heads taller than his little sister .


To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .


Reduce an image .
Reduce one 's standard of living .


He could not work the math problem .
This unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out .


Take an opportunity .
The escaped convict took to the hills .


You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .
Pack the faucet .


They admired his scrupulous professional integrity .
He expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business .


He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself .
The rear part of the house .


His voice had an edge to it .
She sat on the edge of the bed .


I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
Hitler took the Baltic Republics .


Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
Take the gun from your pocket .


You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .
The company was created 25 years ago .


I may be an hour .
When will the meeting be ?


The cooling touch of the night air .
This piano has a wonderful touch .


That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .
A lazy bum .


Pull one 's horse to a stand .
Pull the ball .


Did you catch a cold ?
The fashion did not catch .


We had to see a psychiatrist .
He saw action in Viet Nam .


Make advances .
She 'll make a fine president .


A growing realization of the risk involved .
The victory was the realization of a whole year 's work .


It is vital that he not know .
She knew of our plan .


He stuck his head out the window .
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream .


He longed for the touch of her hand .
This room needs a woman 's touch .


Where do today 's public schools fail ?
The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably .


Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress .
The friends stuck together through the war .


The young prince will soon occupy the throne .
He occupies two rooms on the top floor .


My students range from very bright to dull .
The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals .


It 's your turn ; go .
The gun went " bang " .


The practice of the law .
I took over his practice when he retired .


Dress the windows .
Marlene dressed herself .


They came together in a chance meeting on the way home from work .
Next year the meeting will be in Chicago .


Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .
She had heard her fill of gossip .


Polish your social manners .
He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .


A cartilaginous style .
The anal styles of insects .


I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed .
Grandmother always treated us to the circus .


These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .
This chair has got to go .


Return to your native land .
The professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean .


Give thought to .
I gave two sons to the war .


He did n't miss a single day of school .
He walked to school every morning .


After that day she never trusted him again .
I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .


Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .
The horse finally struck a pace .


Make a cake .
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .


Break a branch from a tree .
The business partners broke over a tax question .


The Academy of Music .
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .


I 've got to go to the head .
This song keeps going through my head .


Keep appointments .
We kept to the original conditions of the contract .


They fought to regain the lost ground .
The worm crawls through the ground .


They put out quite a spread .
The spread between lending and borrowing costs .


Lob the tennis ball .
The guard lobbed a pass just over the defender .


Draw a conclusion .
The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital 's emergency bank .


The hills around here fall towards the ocean .
His eyes fell .


We do business all over the world .
He bought his brother 's business .


I envied his rapid buildup of assets .
A military buildup in preparation for the invasion .


The sole object of her trip was to see her children .
The object of the verb .


Catch one 's breath .
Catch some sleep .


It was on the order of a mile .
Law and order .


The insurance will replace the lost income .
He replaced the old razor blade .


His sour breath offended her .
The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .


Break the code .
Break a branch from a tree .


The horse will run the Preakness next year .
I 'm not ready to run a marathon .


His hand was illegible .
A good hand .


He had an unruly shock of black hair .
The train hit the buffers with a great shock .


He 's packin ' a piece !
He needed a piece of granite .


Coordinate our efforts .
Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues .


Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found .
The queen assumed the stately robes .


Subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response .
It came as a shock to learn that he was injured .


The end of the year .
One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .


This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .
Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .


Who cast this beautiful movie ?
Cast a vote .


We 'll get them !
She did n't get the joke .


To hold true .
Hold that position behind the trees !


Crime does n't pay .
It pays to go through the trouble .


She had a smile on her face .
He always puts a smile on my face .


It 's been an age since we last saw you .
It was replaced because of its age .


From the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake .
I only got a glimpse of the car , so I can tell you the colour but not the registration number .


Open a business .
The door opened .


That store offers a variety of products .
The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .


She brought a change in her overnight bag .
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .


Do n't lie to your parents .
The snow lies on the roof . 


I demand an explanation .
This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice .


He said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully .
How great thou art !


A dedicated line .
The letter consisted of three short lines .


Please check each name on the list .
She checked for an instant and missed a step .


A good lead for a job .
They did n't follow our lead .


The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .
What did you get at the toy store ?


Roll your hair around your finger .
The thunder rolled .


She threw the invitation away .
She was an invitation to trouble .


He cut a fine figure .
He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .


This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .
It 's your turn ; go .


Humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes .
There have been documented cases of morphologically male transgenders having XX chromosomes .


The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .


Drift the cattle herds westwards .
The balloon was drifting in the breeze .


This old radio does n't work anymore .
This pilot works the controls .


The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .


Raise Cain .
Raise the roof .


Lift an embargo .
Lift potatoes .


The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
The chain of command .


The number of parameters is small .
He had a number of chores to do .


I know that I left the key on the table .
Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun .


Let 's crash the party !
The economy crashed .


This is the one I ordered .
He is the best one .


If that happens it will be at some distance in the future .
At a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details .


Rub oil into her skin .
The cat rubbed itself against my leg .


Draw a conclusion .
I draw a line here .


We had to dress quickly .
Marlene dressed the baby .


The quality of students has risen .
Quality of life is usually determined by health , education , and income .


A cabbage patch .
Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?


The soccer player began to swing at the referee .
This action swung many votes over to his side .


Gather some stones .
If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .


The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus .
Frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons .


In English the subject and the verb must agree in number .
I hope to become one of their number before I die .


You 'll pay for this !
You 'll pay for this opinion later .


Rub my hands .
Rub oil into her skin .


The defensive line braced to stop the run .
The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .


Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall .
Their hands touched .


Can you advance me some money ?
To advance one 's interests .


Sculpture is a form of art .
To apply for the position , complete the application form .


Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
The speech has to go through several more drafts .


His best finish in a major tournament was third .
It was a fight to the finish .


A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
He was at the head of the column .


He dreamed of a home on the range .
They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring .


Run a new program on the Mac .
Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .


They come from a faraway land .
He returned to the land of his birth .


Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security .
Three inmates broke jail .


Reduce a problem to a single question .
Reduce one 's standard of living .


The pilot had to bank the aircraft .
Bank a fire .


I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond .
He made a great splash and then disappeared .


Check the time of the class .
Check the oil in your car once a month .


Give the orders .
The French doors give onto a terrace .


Develop land .
The country developed its natural resources .


Please rearrange these files .
Rearrange the furniture in my room .


Art does not need to be innovative to be good .
It 's quite an art .


I went to see my friend Mary the other day .
This program will be seen all over the world .


Show me where the business was today .
Business has been slow lately .


Put down 5 and carry 2 .
This paper carries a restaurant review .


I really want to sing in the school choir . said Vera .
My brother sings very well .


The job of repairing the engine took several hours .
I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?


Give a course .
She gave the boy a good spanking .


We had a wonderful time at the party .
I did n't have time to finish .


He looked for books with the word ` jazz ' in the title .
I can never remember movie titles .


Some parents exercise their infants .
This puzzle will exercise your mind .


These bonds carry warrants .
The restaurant carries an unusual name .


He recorded the spoken language of the streets .
He uttered harsh language .


Track a missile .
I tracked prints .


Polish my shoes .
He polished up the chrome until it gleamed .


This is a product of lime and nitric acid .
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .


Come into the room .
The first success came three days later .


Check the brakes .
I will check up on the car tomorrow .


The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw .
I turned the controls over to her .


Give priority to .
The French doors give onto a terrace .


He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .
He placed a phone call to London .


We must move quickly .
Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !


I know the feeling !
Have you ever known hunger ?


The consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system .
To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony .


Float the plaster .
The balloon floated off into the distance .


Make a move .
They make a cute couple .


Play a hooked fish .
He played $ 20 on the new horse .


Where did she get these news ?
You can not get water out of a stone .


His daily run keeps him fit .
He broke into a run .


I know your mother , but I 've never met your father .
I know this voice !


I took over his practice when he retired .
It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner .


Inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has , painlessly , as a birthright .
Socrates ' inwardness , integrity , and inquisitiveness"- H.R.Finch .


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .


His date never stopped talking .
We have n't heard from them to date .


We had a feast to celebrate the harvest .
The Thanksgiving feast .


A section of a fishing rod .
The finance section of the company .


A homeless tramp .
The tramp of military boots .


The battery had a short life .
He lived a long and happy life .


Make an estimate .
Can you make me an omelette ?


The sale will run for ten days .
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .


Break the cycle of poverty .
The first winter storm broke over New York .


A notice of sale .
He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .


Everyone hopes for a better tomorrow .
Tomorrow 's world .


Break a promise .
The surf broke .


A master of the violin .
One of the old masters .


He drank a mixture of beer and lemonade .
A gradual mixture of cultures .


Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?
Keep smiling .


The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead .
The new tooth is cutting .


I 've been suffering your insults for years .
He suffered the penalty .


He placed a phone call to London .
I received several phone calls today .


Service my truck .
The washing machine needs to be serviced .


I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .
His voice is breaking -- he should no longer sing in the choir .


Make one 's way into the forest .
Make yourself clear .


Turn cartwheels .
Turn a somersault .


The emission of heat from a fire .
The emission was mostly blood .


I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
The fashion did not catch .


To repair a shattered fortune .
To repair to sanctuary for safety .


He 's a sorry excuse of a doctor .
He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him .


The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .
Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .


It made a dent in my bank account .
The crash produced a dent in the left side of the car .


Where do you keep your gardening tools ?
These potatoes keep for a long time .


A cabbage patch .
A briar patch .


Take a risk .
I 'll take that plate off the table .


I want to see whether she speaks French .
I saw their laughing and joking .


He overstepped his place .
It is really not my place to say what is right and wrong in this case .


The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .
He held the governorship for almost a decade .


The break in the eighth frame cost him the match .
They hoped to avoid a break in relations .


In line with .
He got out of line .


Under the head of minor Roman poets .
The head of the hammer .


Come into the room .
Come down here !


The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .
Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .


How should I take this message ?
Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .


He does not have a grain of sense .
A grain of sand .


We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
In the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2 .


Fill a container .
The liquid fills the container .


We like to summer in the Mediterranean .
We summered in Kashmir .


I felt the same way .
That 's the way it is .


The green party took 12 % of the vote .
In 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level .


Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited .
Gutenberg 's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient .


A leak in a boat .
A leak in a roof .


A grain of salt .
A grain of sand .


He managed to multiply his profits .
He had been multiplying , but it occurred to him he needed to resolve the exponents , first .


It was great to feel my baby moving about inside .
I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby .


You should see a lawyer .
We had to see a psychiatrist .


He left school before the end of term .
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .


She did n't get his name when they met the first time .
Her childish behavior really get to me .


Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .


He gave the door a hard push .
The push of the water on the walls of the tank .


Heat the house .
Heat the water on the stove .


Draw a conclusion .
She drew $ 2,000 from the account .


Fall into a trap .
The barometer is falling .


The frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second .
The frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older .


They were at the head of the attack .
The head of the column advanced boldly .


How should I take this message ?
He was often taken to be a man of means .


That 's the size of the situation .
A wolf is about the size of a large dog .


Drill for oil .
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .


Here I stand , wondering what to do next .
There stood on the corner a statue .


I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .
Do you communicate well with your advisor ?


He ate a third of the pie .
A simple harmony written in major thirds .


Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales .
You ca n't react to the day-to-day blips .


The reason that war was declared .
They had good reason to rejoice .


Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
Genesis is the first book of the Bible .


Cut orders .
Cut a caper .


Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
He washed the dirt from his coat .


A length of tubing .
A length of timber .


An occasion arranged to honor the president .
There was no occasion for complaint .


At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
The session was drawn to a close .


They speak a strange dialect .
Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .


These shoes come in three colors .
He came through the door .


Let the dogs run free .
She runs around telling everyone of her troubles .


Baby rabbits .
When is your baby due ?


They stopped at an open space in the jungle .
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .


Turn the legs of the table .
People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium .


I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .
I begged to come .


Set up an experiment .
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .


Laws limit the sale of handguns .
They tried to boost sales .


Patch the skirt .
The field was patched with snow .


We carry a very large mortgage .
How many credits is this student carrying ?


His stories made him the center of the party .
They had to reinforce the center .


Can you drive this four-wheel truck ?
What are you driving at ?


The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .
She ran her fingers along the carved figurine .


He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
A heroic figure .


Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
He works his parents for sympathy .


He put the lamp back in its place .
He has a special place in my thoughts .


Fire a bullet .
Fire a gun .


He knocked lightly on the closed door of the study .
He is a quick study .


A remarkable degree of frankness .
Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .


Penny was in the scullery , pressing the body of her new dress .
They moved their arms and legs and bodies .


The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
An example sentence would show what this word means .


She will field questions immediately after her presentation .
The lawyer fielded all questions from the press .


I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .
There were stretches of boredom .


Before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it .
We believe that the market for the new widget is the older homeowner .


You can level the table by turning the pads that screw into the feet .
The building was levelled .


Keep count .
Keep appointments .


The political left is not holding enough power .
Jab with your left .


When is your baby due ?
The baby of the family .


To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
He will make a splendid father !


Run a temperature .
Let the dogs run free .


He was suffering from museum fatigue .
Political fatigue .


To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony .
The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation .


I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .


The area of a rectangle .
The spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants .


The tumult of the elements .
The tumult of the spirits or passions .


When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .
When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .


Paste the sign on the wall .
Cut and paste the sentence in the text .


Draw on a cigarette .
Draw wire .


I always carry money .
The troops carried the town after a brief fight .


From noon till night .
The cat disappeared into the night .


Make a mistake .
This invention will make you a millionaire .


A good review by this critic will make your play !
This company is what made you .


Butchers often use machines to mince meat .
Mince the garlic .


He showed me the river of living water , sparkling like crystal , flowing from the throne of God .
He asked for a drink of water .


I ride to work in a bus .
Ship rides at anchor .


He condemned religious sectarianism .
They were discussing sectarianism between Shias and Sunnis .


The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .
Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .


It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .
David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .


He put all his efforts into this job .
The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story .


A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .
The opening received good critical reviews .


You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war .
The semester begins with a convocation ceremony .


Play with her feelings .
He plays on three teams .


The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .
A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .


They serve a restricted role on the bench .
The minister served the King for many years .


Work stone into tools .
How does your idea work in practice ?


After several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted .
I 've painted my room in five lovely shades of pink and chartreuse .


We 'll get them !
He got his arm broken in the scuffle .


Go easy on him : he is but a child .
She writes books for children .


To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
This wool makes into a nice sweater .


The Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead .
The town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors .


National independence takes priority over class struggle .
He set his e-mail message 's priority to high .


A ten day 's leave to visit his mother .
Might I beg leave to accompany you ?


The boat beat in the strong wind .
I beat the traffic .


A wall of prejudice .
A wall of water .


The movement of cargo onto the vessel .
He had a bowel movement .


What will you do this afternoon ?
A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .


The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .
He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .


They gained ground step by step .
They fought to regain the lost ground .


Do n't behave like a fool .
The children must learn to behave .


The whole school turned out for the game .
He did n't miss a single day of school .


A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
He has a special place in my thoughts .


I can see a risk in this strategy .
We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning .


I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .
Someone broke in while I was on vacation .


Can you give me lessons ?
I gave my coat to the beggar .


I can feel the sadness in his poems .
He felt his flesh crawl .


The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .
Cut recording tape .


The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment .
Cancer survivors who got radiation treatments as children have nearly twice the risk of developing diabetes as adults .


A notice of sale .
An obituary notice .


Rest assured .
The blame seems to rest with your father .


He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .
Toe the line .


He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation .
The accused refused to reveal the source of the illegal drugs she was selling .


Have a feeling .
What do we have here ?


The beer had a large head of foam .
The head of the compass needle is pointing due north .


Turn the corner .
The water turned into ice .


Levy a fine .
To levy a tax .


They had a good time together .
We had a wonderful time at the party .


200 head of cattle .
This song keeps going through my head .


How nice to see you again !
They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .


To render Latin into English .
Render the town to the enemy .


We simply could not start the engine .
Start a foundation .


It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .
A window case .


They handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech .
There were more than a thousand words of text .


He drank a cup of coffee .
He borrowed a cup of sugar .


Give a course .
Give a gulp .


Put these words to music .
Put money into bonds .


Every number has a unique position in the sequence .
He has an unlisted number .


Draw a weapon .
The President 's comments drew sharp criticism from the Republicans .


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
Amanda carried the package from home to New York .


I can only stay for an hour .
After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .


Roll your hair around your finger .
The ball rolled down the hill .


He cast a spell to cure warts .
He whispered a spell as he moved his hands .


His next stop is Atlanta .
They agreed to see each other at the bus stop .


To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products .
In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized .


Cut paper dolls .
Cut a nice figure .


He always puts a smile on my face .
She 's got a perfect smile .


Range of motion .
The army maintains a missile range in the desert .


The doctor-patient relationship is based on trust .
He betrayed their trust .


Draw parallels .
He drew an elaborate plan of attack .


I want to get there early ; let 's roll .
The cameras were rolling .


Make a mess in one 's office .
He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .


We carry a very large mortgage .
His efforts carried the entire project .


Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?
The belt just barely went around his waist .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
My computer connected to his computer .


She had a habit twirling the ends of her hair .
A shrub of spreading habit .


Fall asleep .
They fell out of favor .


Come into the room .
Come out of the closet !


He danced hypnotically while she beat the atabaque .
Reading beats watching television .


If you persist in that course you will surely fail .
Once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place .


I can not work a miracle .
Can you work an electric drill ?


Head the fish .
This student heads the class .


See a movie .
This program will be seen all over the world .


This play will either make or break the playwright .
The figurine broke .


Draw on a cigarette .
Draw a deep breath .


Keep food for a week in the pantry .
I always keep batteries in the freezer .


Set this poem to music .
To set pear trees in an orchard .


He put all his efforts into this job .
Put these words to music .


Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .
Barbecue over an open fire .


Brigitte Bardot was a renowned beauty .
His roses were beauties .


He took the family for a drive in his new car .
A variable speed drive permitted operation through a range of speeds .


The fabric of our lives .
The fabric of the universe .


His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views .
The play was just a vehicle to display her talents .


My computer is too old to run the new OS .
Run the dishwasher .


The baby was a boy .
Most soldiers are only boys in uniform .


Catastrophes make good copy .
She made a copy of the designer dress .


There is not a drop of pity in that man .
Put three drops of oil into the mixture .


Pull a horse .
Pull weeds .


Could you convert my dollars into pounds ?
Smith converted and his team won .


Make a phone call .
Make one 's way into the forest .


Prove a will .
The exception proves the rule .


Only the top side of the box was painted .
Put your books on top of the desk .


Top the evening with champagne .
Top and tail the carrots .


To allow a son to be absent .
Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison .


We had sex in the back seat .
All you ever think about is sex .


Her former friends now avoid her .
We avoided the area .


She could not cut the long days in the office .
His opponent cut upward toward his chin .


Nothing good will come of this .
His breath came hard .


We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .
She was made president of the club .


The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
The room has a wooden floor .


Swing forward .
This action swung many votes over to his side .


200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
A head of steam .


I take it you 're not going ?
I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .


Play the stock market .
Who 's playing now ?


In your heart you know it is true .
You have n't got the heart for baseball .


Pull the oars .
Pull the trigger of the gun .


The number of parameters is small .
I hope to become one of their number before I die .


It will pay to wait .
You 'll pay for this opinion later .


Wear one 's hair in a certain way .
He always wears a smile .


Tap one 's memory .
Tap a source of money .


She can hold an audience spellbound .
Hold this bowl for a moment , please .


In England they call a period a stop .
Picasso 's blue period .


You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
Pull a bank robbery .


Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
Get going !


Play sports .
Play cards .


The sequence of names was alphabetical .
He invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA .


The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .
Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger .


This guy can press 300 pounds .
Press a record .


She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .
You treated me like a fool .


The hired hand fixed the railing .
A ranch hand .


Turn your palm this way .
Turn the clay on the wheel .


Make lead into gold .
We barely made the plane .


He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess .
What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .


Her former friends now avoid her .
I try to avoid the company of gamblers .


I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes .
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .


Turn and face your partner now .
The bunkers faced north and east , toward Germany .


The line of men fall forward .
The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team .


Curled up on the foot of the bed .
The foot of the mountain .


Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .
It was on the order of a mile .


The time of year for planting .
This time he succeeded .


They sailed south around the point .
A row of points .


This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
The chain of command .


Make merry .
She makes like an actress .


The ocean was finally at rest .
He threw away the rest .


A block of stone .
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .


Turn on the spot .
He turned traitor .


The line of men fall forward .
Light fell on her face .


He is the Republican boss in Kentucky .
Party bosses have a reputation for corruption .


It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill .
His next stop is Atlanta .


Clean grain before milling it .
Clean the spots off the rug .


Her surprise did not register .
Register for an election .


It is time to go .
At what times do the trains arrive ?


I used to play with trucks as a little girl .
They played long and hard .


Make enemies .
He made a fool of himself at the meeting .


If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
The flat plain was broken by tall mesas .


The train pulled into the station .
He started looking for a gas station .


The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental .


Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?
She gave me a dirty look .


Call a football game .
She was called into the director 's office .


After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12 .
Conservatism has many voices .


Pull the string gently .
Pull the trigger of the gun .


At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
She drew an elephant .


He bet $ 2 on number six to show .
The car 's dull finish showed years of neglect .


They retreated in the face of withering enemy fire .
Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .


This old radio does n't work anymore .
The vintner worked the wine in big oak vats .


The piece has a fast rhythm .
We walked with a quick , even rhythm .


He 's a master of the business deal .
It was a package deal .


The opening received good critical reviews .
The opening of his arms was the sign I was waiting for .


Let 's race and see who gets there first .
I raced him to the car , but he was there first , so he got to ride shotgun .


Can you work an electric drill ?
Work the metal into a sword .


Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army .
The position of the hands on the clock .


He was suffering from museum fatigue .
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .


Now I see !
Can you see the bird in that tree ?


There was a round of applause .
They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .


The policy so far is all stick and no carrot .
Fever left him weak on his sticks .


Can you shed light on this problem ?
Put that light out !


We only use Spanish at home .
I ca n't use this tool .


Softness is not something permitted of good leaders .
Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .


Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?
The curator classified the artifacts .


We serve meals for the homeless .
The President 's wisdom has served the country well .


He hit the ball to deep center .
His stories made him the center of the party .


Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .
We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .


Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?
The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare .


The French doors admit onto the yard .
This pipe admits air .


He cashed a check at the bank .
He tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo .


Air pollution .
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .


Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone .
My heart is pounding .


They kept a firm grip on the two top priorities .
It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .


At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
Draw a card .


Fall into a trap .
Fall asleep .


The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy .
Unemployment made Jack depressed .


Draw pulp from the fruit .
To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .


Fall prey to an imposter .
The curtain fell on the diva .


Can you shed light on this problem ?
Do you have a light ?


This dough does not work easily .
Work the raisins into the dough .


I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !
I ca n't buy this story .


The soccer player began to swing at the referee .
He swung his left fist .


Draw parallels .
A ship draws ten feet of water .


Matters came to a head yesterday .
I 've got to go to the head .


Your wish will come true .
Next came the student from France .


Play fair .
Play games .


To drive sheep out of a field .
Drive the forest .


He can hold his liquor .
This theory still holds .


I went into the salon to get a clip .
He could do ten at a clip .


Pay attention .
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .


Put that light out !
The light of my life .


His parting shot was ` drop dead ' .
A good shot requires good balance and tempo .


You must carry your camping gear .
This train is carrying nuclear waste .


Toe the line .
Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available .


He walked to school every morning .
The school was built in 1932 .


Play cards .
Gielgud played Hamlet .


Take shelter from the storm .
Take a test .


During the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels .
He enjoyed the street noises .


The insurance will replace the lost income .
This antique vase can never be replaced .


He gave his fingers a snap .
Servants appeared at the snap of his fingers .


Cover her face with a handkerchief .
Cover the child with a blanket .


Swing a bat .
His mood swings .


Twigs break off of those branches easily .
The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .


I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
Give a course .


Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .
He tested for the presence of radon .


Do n't pay him any mind .
Pay attention .


He can not carry a tune .
Amanda carried the package to New York .


After the fire a still small voice . — 1 Kings 19:12 .
The voice of the law .


The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .
The valley was between two ranges of hills .


I do n't see the situation quite as negatively as you do .
I must see your passport before you can enter the country .


Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .
Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .


Make a mistake .
My wife made me buy a new sofa .


Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .
The light of my life .


We stand on common ground .
Paris stands on the Seine .


I will work hard to improve my grades .
He 's working in a bar .


I just ca n't see your point .
Now I see !


The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
Turn the earth in the Spring .


We could do with a little more help around here .
We did 6 miles on our hike every day .


They improve their product every year ; they export most of their agricultural production .
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .


In the common interest .
An interest in music .


A body of law .
A body of precedents .


It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
It just wo n't make much difference to me .


Give one 's talents to a good cause .
What gives ?


What do you make of his remarks ?
How much do you make a month in your new job ?


He was a bull of a man .
What he said was mostly bull .


The hills around here fall towards the ocean .
His voice fell to a whisper .


We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent .
The fire spared the forest floor .


Throw a shoe .
She threw herself forwards .


A bald spot .
The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .


Can you take this bag , please .
Take the case of China .


Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries .
The bank kept their money safe in a large vault .


Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .
We focused on what to do .


He visited during my absence .
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .


That engineer is a credit to the team .
If you do not come to class , you will not get credit for the class , regardless of how well you do on the final .


I carry her image in my mind 's eye .
His voice carried a lot of anger .


She may not make the grade .
I make the height about 100 feet .


He offered a persuasive defense of the theory .
The defense called for a mistrial .


Did you catch a cold ?
If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .


Please speak up , the line is very faint .
I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .


I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .
The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .


What did you get at the toy store ?
Get someone mad .


He can have the run of the house .
He has the run of the house .


Cut class .
Cut a caper .


A check on its dependability under stress .
He paid all his bills by check .


A keen musical sense .
In the best sense charity is really a duty .


What does the law say ?
She said ` Hello ' to everyone in the office .


Stay after school .
He did n't miss a single day of school .


Turn a key .
The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .


Beg money and food .
Beg the point in the discussion .


There but for the grace of God go I .
I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .


I could n't tell what the thing was .
She has a thing about him .


This computer will connect well to the network .
These computers connected well together .


I can not keep track of all my employees .
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .


Beat one 's breast .
The eagle beat its wings and soared high into the sky .


He can hold his liquor .
The auditorium ca n't hold more than 500 people .


It is not known who created this piece .
She played two beautiful pieces on the piano .


Make a wall of stones .
Make a cake .


Make clay into bricks .
Make water into wine .


The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .
Cut class .


He rode into the mouth of the canyon .
She wiped lipstick from her mouth .


The fabric of our lives .
It is part of the fabric of society .


Stuff a pillow with feathers .
My nose is all stuffed .


Shape the dough .
Shape a figure .


The sheets feel soft .
He felt the wind .


Had difficulty walking .
Finished the test only with great difficulty .


12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
The office was full of secret heads .


This invention will make you a millionaire .
This wool makes into a nice sweater .


A racially integrated business concern .
We do business all over the world .


The significance of a gesture .
The significance of his remark became clear only later .


I shall try my skills on this .
Try the yak butter .


Our football team took a licking last night .
They suffered a convincing licking .


He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .


Murder in the second degree .
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .


When will the meeting be ?
The woman is walking .


Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .
The bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews .


Make a stir .
Make friends .


An indication of foul play .
Indications of strain .


They drew up a six-step plan .
They discussed plans for a new bond issue .


There was a brief encounter in the hallway .
Their encounter was a matter of chance .


These potatoes keep for a long time .
She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips .


Pull a sled .
You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .


Make a wall of stones .
Make a dress .


She was granted leave to speak .
Might I beg leave to accompany you ?


The soft metal works well .
He used pliers to work the wire into shape .


This piano has a wonderful touch .
Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .


Pick a fight or a quarrel .
Pick pockets .


Ms. Smith will represent the defendant .
Our parents represented to us the need for more caution .


Play the casinos in Trouville .
Play the stock market .


She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street .
He held me up at the point of a gun .


A litany of failures .
The patient recited a litany of complaints .


He turned the box over to examine the bottom side .
A cube has six sides .


To empty a well or a cistern .
The cinema emptied quickly after the end of the film .


His display of foulness deserved severe punishment .
Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed .


The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .
The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty-five scenes .


Teenagers follow their friends in everything .
Carter followed Ford .


Clear the leaves from the lawn .
Clear snow from the road .


The Times is not the voice of New York .
Conservatism has many voices .


I really want to sing in the school choir .
She was singing while she was cooking .


Show me where the business was today .
Business is good today .


My backyard look onto the pond .
The house looks north .


The book wallah .
A kitchen wallah .


Break a branch from a tree .
Twigs break off of those branches easily .


He could not work the math problem .
Work one 's way through the crowd .


The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .
Turn the heat down .


The word is a basic linguistic unit .
He was a member of a special police unit .


Your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted .
On the assumption that he has been injured we can infer that he will not to play .


They stopped at an open space in the jungle .
The space between his teeth .


Insiders said the company 's stock was in play .
The play of light on the water .


An important piece of the evidence .
He wrote an interesting piece on Iran .


Break cigarette smoking .
He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .


Moved from third to fifth position .
Stand in this position , with your arms at your side .


The reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise .
He made a motion to adjourn .


They funded research and development .
He congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency .


You ca n't take credit for this !
He was often taken to be a man of means .


Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security .
They broke into my car and stole my radio !


He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .
She reported several anonymous calls .


The bill shed 50 pages of pork-barrel addons .
Our dog sheds every Spring .


She did n't get the joke .
She got a bruise on her leg .


We vaccinate against scarlet fever .
The nurse vaccinated the children in the school .


The Earth turns .
He turned traitor .


Hold these truths to be self-evident .
I 'll hold you by your promise .


Cut a ticket .
The employer wants to cut back health benefits .


The boat beat in the strong wind .
Beat the subway fare .


Cut the skin with the point of the knife .
A row of points .


Raise a shout .
Raise a sad cry .


I can not relate these events at all .
I find it difficult to relate to others because i 'm extremely introverted .


This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
I was born in the year 1950 .


My neighbour has an annoying cat .
My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .


To move in a matter .
Move those boxes into the corner , please .


Do you carry kerosene heaters ?
The loan carries a high interest rate .


The reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly .
Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .


A nice line of shoes .
Toe the line .


He threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss .
Infection can cause a lupus flare .


Call a runner out .
Call a football game .


Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?
The dam broke .


We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .
He replaced the old razor blade .


Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
Can you take this bag , please .


Think thin .
Think big .


Flatten a road .
Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .


These bonds carry warrants .
The loan carries a high interest rate .


I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .
Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
This paper carries a restaurant review .


Trim lumber .
Trim an airplane .


Check the brakes .
Check the growth of communism in South East Asia .


Artists must study the structure of the human body .
His lectures have no structure .


Can you shed light on this problem ?
He finally saw the light .


The gods assume human or animal form in these fables .
She assumed indifference , even though she was seething with anger .


The track bed had washed away .
Sea bed , river bed , lake bed .


The plane was given clearance to land .
The plane got clearance from air traffic control , and we were off .


I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .


* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .
* For ends generally acknowledged to be good . - Thomas Macaulay .


The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .
He spread fertilizer over the lawn .


The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
Get a life .


Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .
He worked in the coal beds .


The rocky coast of Maine has few beaches .
The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope .


This guy can press 300 pounds .
She is pressing her opponent but will eventually lose .


To approach the city .
We were approaching our destination .


It was on the order of a mile .
Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today .


Run rogue .
She ran 10 miles that day .


The seat of a saddle .
There were not enough seats for all the guests .


It will pay to wait .
To pay attention .


She likes to dress when going to the opera .
Dress the plants in the garden .


I carry her image in my mind 's eye .
The senator carried his home state .


A heart condition .
A skin condition .


Take steps .
Take the gun from your pocket .


Take a scene .
Take a test .


Make merry .
They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .


I want to tell a story .
The father told a story to his child .


I went to a lot of trouble .
He won without any trouble .


Lob the tennis ball .
The tennis player lobbed the ball , which was a costly mistake .


Under the head of minor Roman poets .
They shot 20 head of quail .


The program was on the air from 9 til midnight .
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .


A man of action .
The piano had a very stiff action .


If you were in my place what would you do ?
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .


I used to take The Sunday Times .
The hard work took its toll on her .


I shall be writing to you soon .
It had been six days since his departure , when I received a letter from him .


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
Our computers connected .


An account of a battle .
He asked to see the executive who handled his account .


Toe the line .
They attacked the enemy 's line .


Can you take me to the main entrance ?
Take a scene .


The sudden apparition of the Spaniards . – William H. Prescott .
The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .


The sleeves come to your knuckles .
He came from France .


Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .
It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .


It 's getting quite stuffy in this room : let 's open the windows and air it .
She aired her opinions on welfare .


They shot 20 head of quail .
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .


I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .


He was at the top of his form .
To apply for the position , complete the application form .


We had to oblige him .
The singer obliged with another song .


She 's got a perfect smile .
He has a sinister smile .


I resent having to carry her all the time .
The painting of Mary carries motherly love .


Work your way through every problem or task .
She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived .


He was elected to a seat in the Senate .
The seat of his pants was worn through .


This dough does not work easily .
He could not work the math problem .


Take a scene .
Do you take sugar in your coffee ?


He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued .
If he does n't pay off the mafia , he 'll wear cement shoes to the bottom of the drink !


Come out of the closet !
Come with me to the Casbah .


Do n't touch my CDs !
She did n't touch her food all night .


Sign language .
He did n't have the language to express his feelings .


When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
A bad reaction to the medicine .


We have a fix on your position .
He got a good fix on the target .


This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .
The circumstances ensured a good outcome for him .


I did n't eat yet , so I gladly accept your invitation .
We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls .


The plane 's operation in high winds .
A multinational operation .


Cut a disk .
This cuts into my earnings .


When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .
The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .


I 'm going for a dip before breakfast .
This onion dip is just scrumptious .


Keep food for a week in the pantry .
She never keeps her promises .


The political picture is favorable .
The dictionary had many pictures .


Day and night .
The dawn turned night into day .


That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .
The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England .


He bought his brother 's business .
A small mom-and-pop business .


Stone tools precede bronze tools .
Bill preceded John in the long line of Susan 's husbands .


She could not cut the long days in the office .
The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead .


She did n't leave until midnight .
At what time does your train leave ?


Pat and Leslie 's marriage to each other lasted forty years .
You should enter marriage for love .


The passing of winter .
His future depended on his passing that test .


The oceans are teeming with life .
Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .


The centimetre is a unit of length .
Units of nucleic acids .


Did you catch that allusion ?
If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .


Check into the rumor .
Check the brakes .


The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .
She transformed the clay into a beautiful sculpture .


Draw parallels .
He drew great benefits from his membership in the association .


Take vengeance .
Do you take sugar in your coffee ?


The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
A door case .


Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
Check whether this page has a watermark .


Break a circuit .
Break a promise .


These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion .
Follow the road .


How does this song go again ?
These ugly billboards have to go !


The gene inactivation system .
Thermal inactivation of serum samples .


Let 's see -- which movie should we see tonight ?
See whether you can come tomorrow .


She can hold an audience spellbound .
Hold your breath .


The Lord Mayor 's procession .
Processions were forbidden .


The head of the page .
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .


Break into tears .
The blade broke her skin .


They say he gives good head .
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .


I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .
People gathered round as he began to tell his story .


This unpleasant situation is n't going to work itself out .
The salesman works the Midwest .


The gauge read ` empty ' .
This dictionary can be read by the computer .


He must have a heart of stone .
A peach stone .


The defensive platoon of the football team .
Platoons of tourists poured out of the busses .


I want to go home now .
This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner .


Payments fall on the 1st of the month .
The onus fell on us .


Turn the heat down .
This milk has turned ; it smells awful .


This computer will connect well to the network .
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .


The school was built in 1932 .
Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .


Rub oil into her skin .
I rubbed the cloth over the glass .


Make an effort .
Make love , not war .


The TV program has a new time slot .
He put a quarter in the slot .


Analyze the evidence in a criminal trial .
The inspector analyzed the building for its soundness .


I 'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high .
The system broke down under excessive loads .


His defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence .
The fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians ' defensiveness .


I will check up on the car tomorrow .
Check out the engine .


Raise a smile .
Raise your hands .


Cast a warm light .
Cast a vote .


The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .
The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .


They hope to make a bigger profit .
How much do you make a month in your new job ?


He learned to tolerate the heat .
I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .


Raise a siege .
The President raised several million dollars for his college .


A sense of danger .
A sense of security .


Cut grain .
The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .


In a weak financial state .
The current state of knowledge .


Out of respect for his privacy .
She lost all respect for him .


In return we gave them as good as we got .
A return to one 's question .


I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .
I will carry the secret to my grave .


This box wo n't take all the items .
She took a chill .


Hold your breath .
What 's holding that mirror ?


Waste heat .
We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer .


They 're just country folk .
Lots of folks like to travel during the holidays .


Break the cycle of poverty .
The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .


To sophisticate wine . — Howell .
Sophisticate rose water with geraniol .


The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor .
He was a new addition to the staff .


The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold .
This experience transformed her completely .


See you another time .
He called four times .


Every man is a fool in some man 's opinion .
His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page .


I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !
Carmen bought a dress for $ 50 .


I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
She always runs to Italy , because she has a lover there .


I can not work a miracle .
His fingers worked with tension .


At what stage are the social sciences ?
The band returned to the stage to play an encore .


The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .
In line with .


The range and variety of his work is amazing .
Varieties are frequently recognized in botany .


For our anniversary we went back to the same spot where we first met .
A bald spot .


The meaning of life .
What is the meaning of this sentence .


Give an excuse .
She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .


The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .
They saw an angry scene outside the pub .


We had to cut short the conversation .
This bread cuts easily .


We should meet at a pre-arranged point .
They sailed south around the point .


We were hit by really bad weather .
He hit .300 in the past season .


Did you catch a cold ?
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .


The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students .
Frustrated by the narrowness of people 's horizons .


I take it you 're not going ?
How should I take this message ?


Draw steel .
Draw a line .


Turn the earth in the Spring .
Turn the heat down .


Break cigarette smoking .
His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage .


It will pay to wait .
It pays to go through the trouble .


If you see this man , run !
These dresses run small .


The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .
Get permission to take a few days off from work .


The houseguests had to camp in the living room .
We camped there .


I hold with those who say life is sacred .
The bridge held .


A fit of coughing .
She had a fit and had thrown all of his clothes out of the window .


Hoop vats .
To hoop a barrel or puncheon .


That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .
Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .


Perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords .
The tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion .


The strong man could turn an iron bar .
Turn the earth in the Spring .


I 'm not ready to run a marathon .
Let the dogs run free .


We beat the competition .
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .


They were arrayed in line of battle .
The cast stood in line for the curtain call .


Drop him from the Republican ticket .
She dropped into army jargon .


He played a trick on me .
As the businessman rounded the corner , she thought , " Here comes another trick . " .


The lioness was a mother of four cubs .
Necessity is the mother of invention .


In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees .
Her hair does n't grow much anymore .


To burn the mouth with pepper .
The iron burnt a hole in my dress .


Apologizing for losing your temper , even though you were badly provoked , showed real class .
The class of ' 97 .


Keep notes .
Keep open the possibility of a merger .


They did n't have much in the way of clothing .
They are on the way .


He won the prize for best costume .
We wore gorilla costumes to the party .


The flight of a refugee .
Flights of imagination .


Put your ideas in writing .
That song put me in awful good humor .


Run amok .
He is running the Marathon this year .


The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .
She extended her visit by another day .


He read his newspaper at breakfast .
Murdoch owns many newspapers .


Draw a wagon .
She drew $ 2,000 from the account .


Flood the market with tennis shoes .
The images flooded his mind .


He 's out of my orbit .
In the political orbit of a world power .


As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .
Flatten a road .


The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .
Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .


The connection between church and state is inescapable .
My headache has no connection with me going out last night .


Please develop this roll of film for me .
Please develop this roll of film .


A chain of mountains .
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .


That acorn will grow into an oak tree .
An oak tree will grow from that acorn .


We can not admit non-members into our club building .
She admitted us here .


If I had my way .
That 's the way it is .


Strike fire from the flintstone .
The boxer struck the attacker dead .


I bought this top as it matches my jeans .
A relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth .


Go about the world in a certain manner .
Messages must go through diplomatic channels .


If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .
We focused on what he wanted .


The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
When news of their divorce broke , ...


My students range from very bright to dull .
Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion .


I see that you have been promoted .
Did you know that she is seeing an older man ?


So that 's fifteen love to Kournikova .
It was 40 love .


Break an alibi .
He slipped on the ice and broke his leg .


The arrangement of the furniture .
A flower arrangement .


Strike a medal .
The boxer struck the attacker dead .


The trapped miners found a pocket of air .
The battle was won except for cleaning up pockets of resistance .


The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight .
Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .


Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .
I 've got a job for you - could you wash the dishes ?


19th century thought .
Darwinian thought .


Block a plate for printing .
Block the wheels of a car .


We drive the turnpike to work .
The amplifier drives the tube .


There is no better time than now .
Now is the right time .


Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains .
Amanda trucked the package to her mother 's house from Philadelphia .


Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent .
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .


He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians .
The hollow of the hand or of a tree .


The military academy at West Point .
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .


The foot of the page .
The foot of the list .


His daily run keeps him fit .
Running is good exercise .


Can you see the bird in that tree ?
I saw their laughing and joking .


I do n't care .
We cared about the opera .


It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .


Pass along the good news .
A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window .


The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .
Cut trenches .


Play football .
We played hockey all afternoon .


Kill a motion .
The farmer killed a pig for the holidays .


It brought out his better side .
They always sat on the right side of the church .


Drop a hint .
Shop til you drop .


What do you get when you add up these numbers ?
Let 's get down to work now .


I start at eight in the morning .
The rain started at 9:00 .


I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
Stretch your legs !


He sensed the presence of danger .
He tested for the presence of radon .


The plane turned to make a second pass .
The media representatives had special passes .


These bonds carry warrants .
All major networks carried the press conference .


Cut the engine .
She cut all of her major titles again .


I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies .
There 's little to earn and many to keep .


Call a football game .
Bluejays called to one another .


She 'll make a fine president .
He will make a splendid father !


He came to a bad end .
The end of the pier .


The incarnation is a basic doctrine of classical Christianity .
The four noble truths summarise the main doctrines of Buddhism .


Work the metal .
The salesman works the Midwest .


The thermometer hit 100 degrees .
I hit the jackpot .


The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?


Can you see the bird in that tree ?
He is blind -- he can not see .


A small mom-and-pop business .
A racially integrated business concern .


He is the best one .
Driver , noun : one who drives .


This receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior , enabling natural mating to occur .
He was testing the government 's receptiveness to reform .


Whet my appetite .
To whet one 's appetite or one 's courage .


Bear a resemblance .
The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers .


Draw pulp from the fruit .
They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .


I find him to be obnoxious .
I found the movie rather entertaining .


He 's come a long way .
The shoes came untied .


This dough does not work easily .
The soft metal works well .


There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare .
My headache has no connection with me going out last night .


The trunk was full of stuff .
Wheat is the stuff they use to make bread .


An angry face .
He looked out at a roomful of faces .


I will carry the secret to my grave .
The painting of Mary carries motherly love .


Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products .
My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege .


` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman .
The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs .


They climbed the north face of the mountain .
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .


He gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials .
X = \frac -b \pm \sqrtb^2 - 4ac2a is a formula for finding the roots of the quadratic equation ax2 + bx + c = 0 .


She knotted the end of the thread .
The ends justify the means .


Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?
Ellen told a story to Helen .


Stand the test of time .
There stood on the corner a statue .


When will the meeting be ?
It is almost eight .


He was arrested on a charge of larceny .
The child was a charge of the nanny .


Raise a mutiny .
Raise a family .


How nice to see you again !
I 'll probably see you at the meeting .


The play had a long run on Broadway .
The team enjoyed a brief run of victories .


We had to lose weight , so we cut the sugar from our diet .
Cut from one scene to another .


Break a circuit .
Who broke into my account last night ?


An inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing .
They held an inventory every month .


Hold these truths to be self-evident .
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade .


This song keeps going through my head .
The head of the whole operation .


The world 's foremost authority on orangutans .
I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .


The coach cut two players from the team .
Wayne cut .


What do we have here ?
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars .


Hunger for affection .
I have a hunger to win .


Receive the incoming radio signals .
The community warmly received the refugees .


I do n't think we have the red one in your size .
He wears a size 13 shoe .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
I discovered the fleece .


Catch one 's breath .
I caught the hem of my dress in the brambles .


To send a message , or a letter .
Every day at two o'clock , he sends his secretary out to buy him a coffee .


Normalize relations with China .
Normalize the temperature .


A military buildup in preparation for the invasion .
The buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes .


We hiked through the Andes mountain range .
The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .


He examined the child 's head for vermin .
Bring these gypsy vermin to the Palace of Justice .


She knows how to work the system .
This old radio does n't work anymore .


This dough does not work easily .
My wife never worked .


I have two years left .
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars .


An interesting idea hit her .
The ball hit the fence .


I will check up on the car tomorrow .
Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .


Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .
Her comments struck a sour note .


The trend of the stock market .
The upward trend of stock-market prices .


For Freudians , libido means the desire to " unite and bind " with objects in the world .
The ego as an organ which seeks to synthesize thoughts in the psyche is said to be driven by libido or eros .


My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !
This play will either make or break the playwright .


Convert all the measurements to metric units .
It is easier to work in metric .


The trunk was full of stuff .
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?


Pull the string gently .
Pull the rope .


She does n't know this composer .
We know this movie .


Use your head !
I used to get things done .


The plant needs a firm anchorage .
The mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family .


Run rogue .
Run to the store !


My neighbour has an annoying cat .
They ′re our neighbours across the street .


Block the book cover .
His brother blocked him at every turn .


What do you get when you add up these numbers ?
I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .


If I had my way .
Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .


He had a kidney transplant .
A child had a multiple organ transplant two months ago .


Strike a balance .
The auto workers are striking for higher wages .


He studied the score of the sonata .
A score were sent out but only one returned .


There was no food in the house , so I had to remain hungry .
There remains the question of who pulled the trigger .


I can not work a miracle .
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times .


A hormonal imbalance .
The growing imbalances between the rich and poor first lead to more crime .


They stopped at an open space in the jungle .
They tested his ability to locate objects in space .


Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .
Tea has fragrant white flowers .


They did n't follow our lead .
He takes the lead in any group .


He was fighting to his last breath .
Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .


Efface the memory of the time in the camps .
Efface oneself .


As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .
Flatten your stomach with these exercises .


Check the brakes .
Check whether this page has a watermark .


She has a pretty face .
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .


He managed to wash out the stains .
Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?


I do n't want to be bald , so just top my hair .
The towers were topped with conical roofs .


There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water .
In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .


The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago .
The cost in human life was enormous .


His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority .
Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities .


His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post .
A conflict of loyalties .


A bad reaction to the medicine .
The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .


His interests did n't match her interests .
Let them match their best athletes against ours .


Have , throw , or make a party .
Throw a shoe .


These potatoes keep for a long time .
Keep the commandments .


The whole floor complained about the lack of heat .
The room has a wooden floor .


A lot of people are out of work .
He arrived at work early today .


Block a nerve .
Block the wheels of a car .


Play water from a hose .
The fountains played all day .


He went out to have a look .
He gave it a good looking at .


The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period .
It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .


Remember me in your prayers .
Remember to call your mother every day !


Where do you stand on the War ?
Christian charity , or love , stands first in the rank of gifts .


The whole school turned out for the game .
The school keeps parents informed .


To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
They made nice together , as if their fight never happened .


Energy can take a wide variety of forms .
Europeans often laugh at American energy .


Start from the bottom and work towards the top .
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times .


How many lines of communication can there be among four people ?
A round archway at the far end of the hallway provided communication to the main chamber .


He built the house on land leased from the city .
An industrialized land .


She had a feeling of euphoria .
The house gave me a feeling of dread .


You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat . — Nah , I do n't like chicken liver .
I 'd like some goose liver pate .


The hills around here fall towards the ocean .
Her weight fell to under a hundred pounds .


You never understand what I mean !
Happiness means everything .


Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?
He charged his weapon at me .


I shall be writing to you soon .
I would drive you , were I to obtain a car .


A rifle action .
The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .


His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature .
Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .


There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .
He got out of line .


Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .
River bed .


Geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it .
It was too dark to determine his identity .


The head of the stairs .
She gave great head .


A congregation is a vehicle of group identity .
The play was just a vehicle to display her talents .


The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .
Cut a ticket .


I love beer but I know it is bad for you .
Beer is brewed all over the world .


Puncture a tire .
The tire punctured .


The art of conversation .
How great thou art !


This speech did n't play well with the American public .
His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee .


Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .
The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .


Twigs break off of those branches easily .
Break a promise .


What makes her do this way ?
Do my room in blue .


He paid all his bills by check .
Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .


It is time to board the aircraft .
The old lady is boarding three men .


Drive the forest .
She is driving away at her doctoral thesis .


We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus .
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .


You make me feel naked .
She felt small and insignificant .


I 'll take a pound of that sausage .
She took up her position behind the tree .


A hard theory to put into practice .
It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner .


Catch one 's breath .
The fire caught .


I can not bear his constant criticism .
He bore himself with dignity .


Cigarettes kill .
Drunken driving kills .


As you sow , so shall you reap .
When I had sown the field , the day 's work was over .


He paused on the bottom step .
He walked with unsteady steps .


Cut recording tape .
Cut from one scene to another .


He occupied a post in the treasury .
Parcel post .


The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .
Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?


He came to a bad end .
One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .


A fit of coughing .
I admired the fit of her coat .


There 's little to earn and many to keep .
His snoring kept me from falling asleep .


I hold with those who say life is sacred .
She can hold an audience spellbound .


Do nothing .
Will $ 100 do ?


Pay attention to .
Pay an obligation .


There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .
A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor .


Draw a conclusion .
He spent the day drawing in the garden .


The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .


Picasso 's blue period .
A time period of 30 years .


You reek of perfume .
Marshes reeking in the sun .


I spend my pocket money in two days .
I spent the time worrying about the future .


The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
The ocean was finally at rest .


Pull the oars .
Pull the ball .


Keep your cool .
Keep your temper .


Certain insects are said to blow .
There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .


Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues .
If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .


The events left a permanent impression in his mind .
He left the impression of his fingers in the soft mud .


Make a decision .
Make advances .


A lot of money .
He bought a lot on the lake .


He built a modest dwelling near the pond .
I was doing dwelling in the cave .


The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .
He lives in the next block .


We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
Raise a family .


Work equals force times distance .
He arrived at work early today .


These bonds carry warrants .
We carry a very large mortgage .


The application of indexes to tables of data .
The application of maximum thrust .


A number 13 shoe .
This sweater is an all-wool number .


The soft metal works well .
Start from the bottom and work towards the top .


An advance in health or knowledge .
She rejected his advances .


Do n't fire until you see the whites of their eyes .
Oil fires the furnace .


The line stretched clear around the corner .
You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter .


The two streets connect to become a highway .
My computer connected to his computer .


Shorts that ride up .
Ship rides at anchor .


He hit her hard in the face .
He hit a home run .


A head of lettuce .
I 've got to go to the head .


There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .
They made a cover of a Beatles ' song .


Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
Check the brakes .


We all got to ride the merry-go-round when the brought their carnival to town .
When the carnival came to town , every one wanted some cotton candy .


Break a record .
Voices broke in the air .


I need some fresh air .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


Break cigarette smoking .
On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .


In your behalf .
Campaigning in his own behalf .


He designed a new piece of equipment .
She bought a lovely piece of china .


This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .
Events now in process .


She was granted leave to speak .
The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .


The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff .
Keep count .


For fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
Tread grapes to make wine .


In the year 1920 .
I was born in the year 1950 .


He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
He was given credit for his work .


I support France in the World Cup .
The evidence supports the defendant .


Time stops for nobody .
These times were erroneously converted between zones .


When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !


They made a stopover to visit their friends .
There is a stopover to change planes in Chicago .


Let 's break for lunch .
A man broken by the terrible experience of near-death .


The patient was bleeding on the right side .
Look on the bright side .


The Times is not the voice of New York .
The voice of the law .


A component or constituent element of a system .
In your element .


He deserves his day in court .
In the days of sailing ships .


Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer ?
You can not believe this man .


Tears well in her eyes .
The currents well up .


Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .


Beat the egg whites .
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .


He hoped for a new life in Australia .
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .


Can you play on this old recorder ?
Play fair .


Play football .
Play with her feelings .


He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .
Ballet is beautiful but what use is it ?


Break an alibi .
The dam broke .


Normalize relations with China .
There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .


I 'll save you the trouble .
This will save you a lot of time .


The annual report has been my baby since September .
When is your baby due ?


Capture the essence of Spring .
She captured all the men 's hearts .


He is an avid collector of nineteenth-century postage stamps .
That old piano is just a big dust collector .


Drive the game .
He drives a bread truck .


Change per unit volume .
The centimetre is a unit of length .


The barber did a real job on my hair .
Dry rot did the job of destroying the barn .


Fire a bullet .
Surrender fires the cold skepticism .


Flick a piece of paper across the table .
The lights flicked on and off .


The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .


A filming session .
A training session .


Our advertisements reach millions .
The sunlight reached the wall .


The pull of the current .
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .


How did your interview go ?
How fast does your new car go ?


To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .
The judge stayed the execution order .


Play water from a hose .
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .


Beat the subway fare .
Beat the table with his shoe .


We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .
He takes the lead in any group .


Men first stepped on the moon in 1969 .
The average distance to the Moon is 384,400 kilometers .


His conclusion took the evidence into account .
In conclusion I want to say ...


To start a rumour .
Start a new job .


The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
A window case .


The essay contained too much detail .
A detail was sent to remove the fallen trees .


He was ejected for protesting the call .
After two raises there was a call .


A sense of self .
A sense of happiness .


You have to spend money to make money !
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .


He is an authority on corporate law .
I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .


We are enjoying a long engagement , but have n't yet set a date .
The teacher tried to increase his students ' engagement in class activities .


Start from the bottom and work towards the top .
This dough does not work easily .


There is an opening in the sales department .
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .


Birds of prey often seize small mammals .
To seize smuggled goods .


The house is in order .
Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .


Political fatigue .
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .


He wants to reconstruct the original text .
They handed out the printed text of the mayor 's speech .


The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .
Cut a movie scene .


He gave a howl of pain .
Howls of laughter .


` wo n't ' is a contraction of ` will not ' .
` o'clock ' is a contraction of ` of the clock ' .


Pay a visit .
Pay a call .


Play the stock market .
Play with her feelings .


They gave full play to the artist 's talent .
We saw a two-act play in the theatre .


I 'll execute your orders as soon as this meeting is adjourned .
Execute the decision of the people .


I 'm normally a big fan of lifesaving , but in his case we can make an exception .
He took a course in lifesaving .


The unkindest cut of all .
The mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget .


I can see what will happen .
I can see a risk in this strategy .


I know that the President lied to the people .
It is vital that he not know .


Blaze a trail .
Meteors blazed across the atmosphere .


The didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums .
The didacticism expected in books for the young .


Give a yelp .
Give a gulp .


Turn the earth in the Spring .
The cream has turned -- we have to throw it out .


He was suspected of implication in several robberies .
The expectation was spread both by word and by implication .


Shake one 's head .
He was shaken from his dreams .


To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .
After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .


The law was a recognition of their civil rights .
The recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States .


I 'll take the blue plates .
Take any one of these cards .


You never lift a finger to help me !
Lift a load .


He was arrested on a charge of larceny .
The admission charge .


Play the stock market .
They played games on their opponents .


Charlie likes to play Mary .
The engine has a wheel that is playing in a rack .


He presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger"- R.J.Samuelson .
She endured the stresses and strains of life .


True memorability of phrase .
Continuous change results in lack of memorability .


Political convention .
The EU installed an inter-institutional Convention to draft a European constitution .


They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .
Launch window .


How do you sleep at night when you attack your kids like that ! ?
It vanished into the night .


A comedy series .
His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies .


She could not come because she was too upset .
He came after a few minutes .


We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .
Mary replaced Susan as the team 's captain and the highest-ranked player in the school .


Is it your or my turn to break ?
Things began breaking bad for him when his parents died .


He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel .
Travel to Spain .


Cut a hole .
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face .


Hang a door .
Hang the venison for a few days .


She was granted leave to speak .
He took his leave .


Bear a resemblance .
Bear a signature .


He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .
There are 360 degrees in a circle .


The connection between overeating and obesity .
There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare .


To militate against the possibility of his election .
Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed .


The language introduced is standard throughout the text .
He taught foreign languages .


Liza had always had a tendency to wildness .
The element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention .


They tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe .
The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .


The Academy of Music .
Academies of literature and philology .


I know Latin .
Adam knew Eve .


A lady doctor .
A chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady .


From noon till night .
They worked from morning to night .


He had drunk more than he could carry .
The troops carried the town after a brief fight .


Suck the poison from the place where the snake bit .
This sucks !


He bought a book of stamps .
They run things by the book around here .


Now the conductor will couple the train cars .
I 've coupled our system to theirs .


I back you all the way .
Back this enterprise .


After a hard day 's work , I vegetate in front of the television .
The fields vegetate vigorously .


One boy hit the other .
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .


Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
The dogs are running deer .


Run an errand .
Who are these people running around in the building ?


The store is huge , occupying an entire city block .
He reserved a large block of seats .


Play with her feelings .
She plays on her clients ' emotions .


I know it 's time .
He knows about 19th century politics .


I define myself as a techno-anarchist .
Define ` sadness ' .


I understand wanting more .
I understand how to do it .


Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein .
Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .


These bonds carry warrants .
Sound carries well over water .


Pay a call .
You 'll pay for this !


My computer is too old to run the new OS .
I will run the sample .


To snap a whip .
The pipe snapped .


Work the raisins into the dough .
Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?


The mechanism for arousal from sleep .
The animal undergoes regular spells of arousal .


They tested his ability to locate objects in space .
The spaces are the notes F-A-C-E .


A multinational operation .
A large-scale farming operation .


We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight .
We barely made it to the finish line .


He paid all his bills by check .
I was not carrying cash , so I wrote a check for the amount .


I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .
They made an appointment to meet at six .


The fire spared the forest floor .
The room has a wooden floor .


The lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches .
The dog 's laps were warm and wet .


Give the orders .
I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .


Her hair does n't grow much anymore .
Corn does n't grow here .


Beat one 's breast .
This sure beats work !


A hook-and-ladder company .
It took six companies to put out the fire .


Draw a weapon .
Draw a wagon .


We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
A few important questions were raised after the attack .


He 's come a long way .
Which letter comes before Y ?


12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .


We stayed in Hawaii for a week .
I can only stay for an hour .


The cup of her bra .
He wore a jock strap with a metal cup .


Social life .
City life .


She has a thing about him .
He has a thing about seafood .


12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .


He was fighting to his last breath .
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .


Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?
She never keeps her promises .


Dog is a hyponym of animal .
British is a hyponym of European .


If you hurry you 'll catch the post .
This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby .


Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .
This dish could use a touch of garlic .


Fall by the wayside .
We must stand or fall .


The beer had a large head of foam .
Admission is three dollars a head .


There was not a scrap left .
She jotted it on a scrap of paper .


They took a firm stand against copyright infringement .
They cut down a stand of trees .


Block an attack .
The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .


Take action .
Take vengeance .


The head of a comet .
She gave great head .


He cherished the faith of a good woman .
A member of his own faith contradicted him .


Declare dividends .
Declare bankruptcy .


He used pliers to work the wire into shape .
The salesman works the Midwest .


It is always a job to contact him .
Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .


Bestow an honor on someone .
Medals were bestowed on the winning team .


He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly .
He performed in drag .


I 'm making coleslaw ; do you know where the grater is ?
Modern cheese graters have more than one side so the cheese can be sliced in different ways .


Steve is a boy of 16 .
She made the boy brush his teeth every night .


We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
Panic struck me .


The ball was still in play .
Insiders said the company 's stock was in play .


The head of the list .
I 've got to go to the head .


Fabric with a tendency to shrink .
Denim has a tendency to fade .


Gather the close family members .
Gather some stones .


The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .
A nice line of shoes .


A corner on the silver market .
A piano was in one corner of the room .


Engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance .
Correct the mistakes .


He inserted the wedge into a split in the log .
He demanded his split before they disbanded .


Put the flag back in the cup .
He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away .


They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .


She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .
Get permission to take a few days off from work .


She got a run in her stocking .
I have a run in my stocking .


Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .
Lake bed .


Give him his due — he is a good actor .
Give the devil his due .


Coordinate our efforts .
Coordinate the painters , masons , and plumbers .


The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing .
People come and go , but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade .


I feel that we need to try harder .
I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .


The flock of birds took to the air .
I need some fresh air .


Many deaf people communicate with sign language .
He and his sons have n't communicated for years .


Pull your knees towards your chin .
Pull the rope .


After two raises there was a call .
The characters in Henry James ' novels are forever paying calls on each other , usually in the parlor of some residence .


Run riot .
We ran the ad three times .


A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis .
He has tried several different word processing applications .


Give that lamp a good rub and see if any genies come out .
He gave the hood a quick rub .


You have to be a good observer to see all the details .
I saw their laughing and joking .


An oak tree will grow from that acorn .
The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .


How should I take this message ?
You ca n't take credit for this !


The room has a wooden floor .
We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent .


Attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world .
Do n't go giving me evils !


I know that the President lied to the people .
She knew of our plan .


The book dealer would not break the set .
Break off the negotiations .


I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .
Amanda carried the package from home to New York .


Police controlled the motion of the crowd .
He made a motion to adjourn .


Do you know the way to the airport ?
They split the loot three ways .


The pain of loneliness .
The patient developed severe pain and distension .


It is important to use flux when soldering or oxides on the metal will prevent a good bond .
His opinions are in flux .


Your wish will come true .
Which letter comes before Y ?


Turn your face to the wall .
Turn your dance partner around .


It took more than half my time .
Take time to smell the roses .


To poise the scales of a balance .
I poised the crowbar in my hand , and waited .


I shall be writing to you soon .
We liked to chat while we were eating .


I know it 's time .
She knew of our plan .


Use the plastic bags to store the food .
We only use Spanish at home .


Call a football game .
I tried to call you all night .


The principle of the internal combustion engine .
The principles of democracy .


I want to see whether she speaks French .
I went to see my friend Mary the other day .


Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .
The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .


Can you follow her argument ?
The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing .


Can we finance the addition to our home ?
His parents financed his college education .


To snap a whip .
To snap a fastener .


She does n't test well .
She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools .


An air of mystery .
The program was on the air from 9 til midnight .


Hold your tongue .
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade .


A mountain pass .
We got through the pass before it started to snow .


A head of cauliflower .
He is two heads taller than his little sister .


I shall be writing to you soon .
The sky is a deep blue today .


You should practice playing piano every day .
Pianists practice scales .


On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...
A good hand .


Run a new program on the Mac .
My computer is too old to run the new OS .


Mineral origin .
Origin in sensation .


He tried to crystallize his thoughts .
My ideas crystallized overnight .


I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed .
Treat the infection with antibiotics .


Rise to a challenge .
The building rose before them .


We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us .
* They his gifts acknowledged none . - John Milton .


He was hospitalized for extreme fatigue .
He was suffering from museum fatigue .


Load the camera .
He loaded his gun carefully .


Cut paper dolls .
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia .


Hold in place .
Hold your breath .


This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains .
The battery needed a fresh charge .


She got a run in her stocking .
The ship made its run in record time .


A prison term .
The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .


These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation .
She found that he had lied to her .


He got a refill for his notebook .
He got a refill for his ball-point pen .


In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized .
The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability .


The engineer called round whilst you were away .
Call roll .


This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .
Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays .


Can you see the bird in that tree ?
I saw her bake the cake .


He held me up at the point of a gun .
The one with the most points will win the game .


He placed a phone call to London .
I received several calls today .


We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers .
My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .


A good title to an estate , or an imperfect title .
His title to fame .


I shall be writing to you soon .
The woman is walking .


An emerging professional class .
Flirting is not unknown in college classes .


You 'll pay for this opinion later .
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .


The sight of his wife brought him back to reality .
To gain sight of land .


The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .
Mineral origin .


A trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led .
Clubs were declared trumps .


We offer seafood as the first course .
He took a course in basket weaving .


Give a course .
I gave two sons to the war .


Let 's gather in the dining room .
Gather some stones .


Although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand .
Do you have a light ?


He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .
Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays .


I shall be writing to you soon .
This building is three hundred years old .


I 'll see you to the door .
I want to see results .


Play sports .
Play with her feelings .


Rig an election .
Rig prices .


The grip of a sword .
There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .


The Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers .
His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies .


Give an excuse .
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .


She knows how to work the system .
Is your husband working again ?


The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .


The grandfather clock beat midnight .
Beat one 's breast .


Hold in place .
I hold with those who say life is sacred .


There is a demand for jobs .
There is a demand for voluntary health workers in the poorer parts of Africa and Asia .


To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .
This theory holds for all irrational numbers .


Blow on the soup to cool it down .
The fuse blew .


I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
I mean no harm .


Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid .
They forget to solder the contacts .


He got several girls in trouble .
One trouble after another delayed the job .


A financial crunch .
An end-of-the year crunch .


There was an informal meeting in my living room .
His meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day .


The weakness of the dollar against the yen .
In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .


What do we have here ?
Have , throw , or make a party .


A shared line .
Please speak up , the line is very faint .


He tries to hit on women in bars .
He hit a home run .


He needed silence in order to sleep .
He gestured for silence .


Marsupials carry their young in a pouch .
The senator carried his home state .


Do n't give the child this tough meat .
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?


He blamed his slip on the ice .
The jolt caused many slips and a few spills .


The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .
Her death came as a terrible shock .


Stay alone .
I can only stay for an hour .


A wall of prejudice .
A wall of smoke .


The whole of American literature .
Europe considered as a whole .


He made his escape from the mental hospital .
The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel .


Get someone mad .
He got AIDS .


Check the brakes .
Check out the engine .


All of human history .
The dawn of recorded history .


To raise your walking stick to defend yourself .
Raise a shout .


To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
We can not admit non-members into our club building .


You do n't look your age !
This project looks fishy .


He held the title for two years .
He had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate .


You really have to empathize .
You really have to empathize with them .


It brought out his better side .
The patient was bleeding on the right side .


Your wish will come true .
Their anger came to a boil .


A ship in distress .
She was the classic maiden in distress .


The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object .
A case of the jitters .


The depth of the water .
From the depths of darkest Africa .


I can see a risk in this strategy .
I ca n't see him on horseback !


To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .
To sophisticate wine . — Howell .


The car pulled off onto the shoulder .
He stopped the car on the shoulder of the highway to change the flat tire .


The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .
The day went well until I got your call .


You have to spend money to make money !
She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .


We 'll get them !
Did you get it ?


Stretch the imagination .
I always stretch my muscles before exercising .


The chairman of the company told the salesmen to move the computers .
She moves in certain circles only .


He followed the deer 's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees .
The PC had three slots for additional memory .


The luck of the Irish .
They say luck is a lady .


Fall into a trap .
Fall prey to an imposter .


To step to one of the neighbors .
Step off ten yards .


He could not touch the meaning of the poem .
They stood next to each other , their shoulders touching .


Stick your thumb in the crack .
She sticks to her principles .


His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .
Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .


The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .
This led to an unfortunate chain of events .


The time of year for planting .
He waited a long time .


You must carry your camping gear .
Carry the suitcases to the car .


The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear .
There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history .


The Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups .
Under the umbrella of capitalism .


The fringe of a picture .
Interference fringe .


The president wanted to disband the scandal-plagued agency .
The principal disbanded the political student organization .


I draw a line here .
Draw parallels .


If you keep partying like this , your school-work will suffer .
Many saints suffered martyrdom .


It was a fight to the finish .
Booze will be the finish of him .


I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .
The gun was steadied on a special rest .


The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .


The swiftest of foot .
He followed on foot .


We must develop more potential customers .
We develop the leaders for the future .


Some students had stolen the key to the final exam .
Some students cheated by using the answer key .


To move in a matter .
Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !


Block a muscle .
Block a nerve .


He is still recovering from a shot to his leg .
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .


The mechanism of the ear .
The mechanism of infection .


Might I beg leave to accompany you ?
The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .


My cat often sleeps on my bed .
He worked in the coal beds .


Even if it 's not illegal , plagiarism is usually frowned upon .
Copy from one , it 's plagiarism . Copy from two , it 's research .


Refine paper stock .
Refine pig iron .


Cut a Ping-Pong ball .
Cut paper dolls .


You really have to empathize .
You 've really got to empathize with what they want .


The time is 10 o'clock .
Do you know what time it is ?


Harry said he could n't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping .
The missus has a list of chores for me to do this weekend .


Crime does n't pay .
To pay attention .


Make a decision .
Make a move .


The pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies .
The trunk held all her meager treasures .


Pull the tab to open the can .
The collar has a tab with a button hole .


His claim to the property has come under question .
The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .


They tested his ability to locate objects in space .
Functional analysis is best approached through a sound knowledge of Hilbert space theory .


He had a drop too much to drink .
There is not a drop of pity in that man .


She tends to make a big production out of nothing .
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .


I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .
Catch one 's breath .


Come into the room .
He came from France .


Crack a joke .
The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .


Do you have a light ?
Hey , buddy , you got a light ?


Drill a hole into the wall .
Drill for oil .


He finally saw the light .
He stepped into the light .


Mount an attack .
Mount a theater production .


You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up .


They hope to make a bigger profit .
She made ten points in that game .


The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .
All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .


He could not work the math problem .
Work out your problems with the boss .


I 'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I ca n't explain , which led to my heroic actions .
Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .


A terrible feeling of ulteriority .
Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities .


A fan aids air circulation .
Ocean circulation is an important part of global climate .


He finally got his big break .
It was presented without commercial breaks .


He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .


Roll out the paper .
She rolled the ball .


Get an idea .
Get nauseous .


Pull weeds .
He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .


The grandfather clock beat midnight .
Beat swords into ploughshares .


The court is now in session .
The girls were playing in the court .


To raise Sandy Hook light .
Raise the specter of unemployment .


The plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land .
They come from a faraway land .


His absence is the hinge of our plan .
This argument was the hinge on which the question turned .


Do n't lie to your parents .
The book lies on the table .


I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .
The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?


The collar has a tab with a button hole .
The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs .


The lyric in line 3 does n't rhyme .
The lyrics were written by the composer .


He stepped into the light .
It brought the scandal to light .


Begin a new chapter in your life .
Begin a cigar .


Hastened the period of time of his recovery .
In England they call a period a stop .


The head of the page .
The head of the list .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
I discovered how to do it .


Hold these truths to be self-evident .
Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks .


Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River .
He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation .


To set pear trees in an orchard .
Set these words in italics .


Get nauseous .
She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .


There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .
Toe the line .


We raise hogs here .
Raise the question of promotions .


I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .
Toe the line .


He was sidelined with a hamstring pull .
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .


I hold with those who say life is sacred .
Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .


She did n't leave until midnight .
I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors .


The plane was just a speck in the sky .
A tiny speck of soot .


The patter of mice .
The patter of tiny feet .


How does this shirt fit ?
The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .


Give priority to .
Give bond .


Your wish will come true .
The water came to a boil .


If you cut then I 'll deal .
The employer wants to cut back health benefits .


Play sports .
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .


I see that you have been promoted .
We had to see a psychiatrist .


Normalize relations with China .
Normalize the spelling .


She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role .
The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people .


Window of opportunity .
The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .


We take all major credit cards .
We took a pay cut .


Nothing good will come of this .
Come down here !


Is this enough to cover the check ?
This paint covers well .


I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
Drop me a line when you get there .


The artist must first learn to see .
I went to see my friend Mary the other day .


She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting .
Tennessee Valley Authority .


Hold one 's nose .
I hold with those who say life is sacred .


It was a mountainous area .
It was a closed area of employment .


The sequence of reciprocals has zero as its limit .
To the limit of his ability .


Nothing good will come of this .
The bill came to $ 2,000 .


The teenager could n't bear the shame of introducing his parents .
One mistake brought shame to all his family .


They had stock footage of lightning , tornados , and hurricanes .
He edited the news footage .


Let 's go this way for a while .
Her money went on clothes .


Fall into a trap .
The estate fell to the oldest daughter .


It ended on a sour note .
He detected a note of sarcasm .


Dress the windows .
Dress the victim 's wounds .


Turn cartwheels .
Turn the dial to 10 .


He washed his face .
She has a pretty face .


Rustle cattle .
The dry leaves were rustling in the breeze .


He tried to sing the tenor part .
His part was right in the middle .


A ranch hand .
Her hands are really strong .


He uttered harsh language .
The English language .


Pressurize a space suit .
The airplane cabin is pressurized .


Leave your child the nurse 's care .
At her death , she left behind her husband and 11 cats .


He has a touch of rheumatism .
This piano has a wonderful touch .


He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .
He betrayed their trust .


The feeling is difficult to describe , but not unpleasant .
He described going to work .


Charge all weapons , shields , and banners .
He charged the director with indifference .


The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations .
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .


Play football .
He plays on three teams .


Common sense is not so common .
He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .


After that day she never trusted him again .
Those were the days .


Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press .
Sanitize history .


You should shower after vigorous exercise .
He showered her with presents .


A man of action .
He saw action in Korea .


The power of his love saved her .
The deterrent power of nuclear weapons .


He gave notice two months before he moved .
He took no notice of the changes , and went on as though nothing had happened .


Have an assistant .
Have a lover .


He placed a phone call to London .
She reported several anonymous calls .


This boat can only carry a small sail .
Amanda carried the package to New York .


The club that is now mostly used for golf was once a common weapon .
He used all his conversational weapons .


You have no right to go through my personal diary .
He stood on the right .


His body was in rebellion against fatigue .
Each generation must have its own rebellion .


He occupied a post in the treasury .
A pair of posts marked the goal .


Change per unit volume .
The dollar is the United States unit of currency .


He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .
Now put it into third .


There is an opening in the sales department .
He slipped through an opening in the crowd .


We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi .
The foot of the list .


He threw a rock at me .
Some fool has thrown a rock through my window .


The wee small voice of conscience .
The voice of the law .


They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .
They rode the trade winds going west .


Shift the date for our class reunion .
Shift one 's position .


He inserted the wedge into a split in the log .
They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock .


The English language .
He recorded the spoken language of the streets .


Cut my hair .
Cut the engine .


The French doors give onto a terrace .
Give a course .


Pay attention .
He paid off the loan three months early .


Hang the venison for a few days .
Hang one 's head in shame .


During the Inquisition , the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack .
Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours .


He works for the United States mail service .
The mail handles billions of items every day .


I need to charge my car battery .
Do n't forget to charge the drill .


You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school .
The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .


From the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome .
The general tone of articles appearing in the newspapers is that the government should withdraw .


The court is now in session .
The noblemen visited the queen in her court .


We looked through the glass to see stars .
Would you like a glass of milk ?


He wants to reconstruct the original text .
There were more than a thousand words of text .


Lift a ban .
Lift a load .


The car hit a tree .
The ball hit the fence .


He lived a long and happy life .
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .


Drive the cows into the barn .
Drive the ball far out into the field .


He managed to wash out the stains .
He washed the dirt from his coat .


It started to dawn , and we had to get up .
The age of computers had dawned .


To carry an account to the ledger .
How many credits is this student carrying ?


Bind the books in leather .
The hydrogen binds the oxygen .


Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?
This proposal meets my requirements .


Hold your temper .
The book holds in store much valuable advise .


To burn the mouth with pepper .
She was burning with anger .


Room to pass .
Hardly enough elbow room to turn around .


Take the gun from your pocket .
Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .


Did you get it ?
What did you get at the toy store ?


They called for artillery support .
He applied to the state for support .


Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
He counts reading among his interests .


He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .


They broke faith with their investors .
Keep the faith .


To raise Sandy Hook light .
Raise hell .


The relative security of the gay ghetto .
No escape from the ghetto of the typing pool .


My broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments .
He limited his losses by diversification of his product line .


His heroism saved a life .
She 's my love , my life .


During his first year in office .
He rented an office in the new building .


Give priority to .
Give one 's name .


He had to clean up the leak .
A leak in a boat .


Trade fair .
Book fair .


The trend of a coastline .
Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .


His title to fame .
He kept the title to his car in the glove compartment .


If I had my way .
A lonely way of life .


I can only stay for an hour .
The smell stayed in the room .


Spend money .
I spent the time on worrying about the future .


They saw the light of the beacon .
He stopped the car and turned off the lights .


Whole fields of wheat in shock .
It came as a shock to learn that he was injured .


A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .
The horse was not accustomed to a bit .


What do we have here ?
I have two years left .


Do you take me for a fool ?
You ca n't take credit for this !


I still owe for the car .
The thesis owes much to his adviser .


$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .
Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .


The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .
These ugly billboards have to go !


It has become less common to say grace before having dinner .
God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .


I made the students feel different about themselves .
He felt his flesh crawl .


I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .
Catch one 's breath .


Make my day .
Make revolution .


This computer will connect well to the network .
Herman connected the computers .


The governor should act on the new energy bill .
The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel .


Shake one 's head .
The bad news shook her hopes .


The gauge read ` empty ' .
Read the advertisement .


She cut the deck for a long time .
Wayne cut .


The police are following a promising lead .
We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .


A chain of mountains .
The chain of command .


It was a nice piece of work .
It is down the road a piece .


Keep food for a week in the pantry .
There 's little to earn and many to keep .


It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .
They tested his ability to locate objects in space .


Cut grain .
Cut a disk .


I want to see whether she speaks French .
Could you see about lunch ?


Air pollution .
The flock of birds took to the air .


I 've been suffering your insults for years .
Many saints suffered martyrdom .


I move to repel the rule regarding obligatory school uniform .
He moved his hand slightly to the right .


Let 's play like I am mommy .
Play cowboy and Indians .


His back was to the wall .
The container 's walls were blue .


Hold your breath .
He 's held by a contract .


Bounce a check .
The rubber ball bounced .


This chair has got to go .
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .


The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .
Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred .


He lost his place on the page .
Grosvenor Place .


To pick rags .
She finally picked her successor .


Keep potatoes fresh .
Keep notes .


This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .
Our exertions ensured a good outcome .


The two buildings touch .
Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .


When he lectures , I can not follow .
Follow the trail .


To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .
The President raised several million dollars for his college .


Make merry .
He made as if to punch him , but they both laughed and shook hands .


There 's no place like home .
The teacher asked how many people made up his home .


She sat on the edge of the bed .
The water 's edge .


May God keep you .
She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips .


Draw a line .
To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .


He celebrated after the sale of company .
The salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office .


I hold him personally responsible .
The bridge held .


10.5 ( " ten point five " ; = ten and a half ) .
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .


We do n't garage our car .
We garaged the convertible during the monsoon months .


To hold true .
He 's held by a contract .


The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .
Hold the taxi .


They allowed just one vote per person .
The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .


We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .
It was a package deal .


He ate his fill of potatoes .
Do n't feed him any more : he 's had his fill .


Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
He looked out at a roomful of faces .


The owners decided to move and to close the factory .
My business closes every night at 8 P.M.


The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .


The party went with a swing .
He took a wild swing at my head .


He 's a mere slip of a lad .
She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .


A rifle action .
Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible .


The production of white blood cells .
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year .


He had a pain in his side .
The Confederate side was prepared to attack .


The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .
Braque translated collage into oil .


To advance the ripening of fruit .
To advance one 's interests .


Does your husband know how to cook ?
She knows how to knit .


Shopping center .
The center fumbled the handoff .


Use your common sense .
I ca n't use this tool .


What make of car is that ?
What make of car do you drive ?


That dress caught her eye .
He tried to catch her eye .


Rub my hands .
I rubbed the cloth over the glass .


A procession of mourners .
Processions were forbidden .


They had too much furniture for the small apartment .
A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .


The children were playing ball in the garden .
He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub .


Is there any news about the storm ?
That 's news to me .


Keep open the possibility of a merger .
Keep my job for me while I give birth .


Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .
The trials for the semifinals began yesterday .


Open your mouth and say ' aah ' , directed the doctor .
He stuffed his mouth with candy .


Tame the soil .
The author finally tamed some of his potentially offensive statements .


Come out of the closet !
He comes from humble origins .


The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth-century German composer .
A year constitutes a cycle of the seasons .


Stay alone .
After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser .


I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .
He looked out at a roomful of faces .


Use the plastic bags to store the food .
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .


I 'll probably see you at the meeting .
The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .


People did not accept atonal music at that time .
We accept the idea of universal health care .


You ca n't act irresponsibly and then expect me to take the rap .
It was a bum rap .


Use the plastic bags to store the food .
Use this knife to slice the bread .


To post someone for cowardice .
Post a warning .


Treat an oil spill .
You treated me like a fool .


A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain .
Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .


Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
He took off his shoes .


A miasma of cigar smoke .
The miasma of the marshes .


Which horse are you backing in this race ?
Back this enterprise .


Cover your head !
The period covered the turn of the century .


It takes a lot of courage to be successful in business .
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before .


I give you two minutes to respond .
She gave him First Aid .


We raise hogs here .
Raise the price of bread .


She has a feel for music .
He has a feel for animals .


I did n't shed many tears when he left me .
Our dog sheds every Spring .


Make an estimate .
What do you make of his remarks ?


Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .
The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?


It brought the scandal to light .
Put that light out !


The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .


He had to appear in court last month .
A ship appeared .


The flock of birds took to the air .
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm .


He started the company in his garage .
He only invests in large well-established companies .


Order a work stoppage .
Order me some flowers .


He could tell that she was unhappy .
Ellen told Helen about the situation .


( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .
All you ever think about is sex .


The house gave me a feeling of dread .
He had terrible feelings of guilt .


He waited a long time .
He had a time holding back the tears .


Drop a hint .
The light dropped from the ceiling .


Turn your palm this way .
The company turned a good profit after a year .


Melons come from a vine .
Understanding comes from experience .


Ryan wiped the tear from the paper he was crying on .
His story brought tears to her eyes .


They gave full play to the artist 's talent .
The coach drew up the plays for her team .


Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
He appointed himself emperor for life .


My day began early this morning .
She called it a day and went to bed .


He had worked in construction all his life .
I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner .


Roll your hair around your finger .
Bill rolled the ball down the hill .


The power of its engine determines its operation .
A multinational operation .


We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .
Catch a show on Broadway .


Let 's get down to work now .
She did n't get the joke .


He was a successful pianist in his day .
In the days of sailing ships .


I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane .
Catch the ball !


He could tell that she was unhappy .
She told him how he did it .


Suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby .
He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .


He bought his brother 's business .
A racially integrated business concern .


He got out of line .
He drew a line on the chart .


Your header is too long ; " Local Cannibals " will suffice .
He took a header into the shrubbery .


Settling a score .
The score was 7 to 0 .


He read the warning in the doctor 's surgery .
I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids .


In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled .
The likelihood is that the inflation rate will continue to rise .


They got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals .
He posed her against a background of rolling hills .


Roll out the paper .
The pastry rolls well .


Can he reach ? " " The chair must not touch the wall .
The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .


It was a sturdy table .
He entertained the whole table with his witty remarks .


Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane .
The cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work .


Conquer your fears .
Conquer a country .


I can not find my gloves !
Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle .


The book had an important impact on my thinking .
His friend 's opinion had an impact on his decision .


I 'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this .
He got a job at the lumberyard , working the big saw for planks .


I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .
That song gets me so depressed every time I hear it .


Precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil .
Sexism occurs in many workplaces .


If you were in my place what would you do ?
He comes from a place near Chicago .


We must develop more potential customers .
The embryo develops into a fetus .


Go about the world in a certain manner .
His knowledge does n't go very far .


We enjoyed our round of the local bars .
The story is going the rounds in Washington .


You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .
The athlete pulled a tendon in the competition .


Your mother is a right pain .
As the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain .


The gift of language .
The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .


Please write to me every week .
Your son has been writing on the wall .


She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles .
His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature .


Give a course .
The draft gave me a cold .


If you bend it too much , it will snap .
She snapped a picture of the President .


It was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances .
A complicated concatenation of circumstances .


Did you catch a cold ?
I caught some Z 's on the train .


Render the town to the enemy .
Render up the prisoners .


A governor , that had pillaged the people , was sentenced to refund what he had wrongfully taken . — L'Estrange .
If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .


Replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it .
The insurance will replace the lost income .


He was a great actor in his time .
The time of year for planting .


Wharf the passengers .
Wharf the mouth of the river .


The world of insects .
The outdoor world .


City life .
Get a life .


Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
Can you shed light on this problem ?


They shot 20 head of quail .
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .


Block a garment .
He blocked the basketball player 's shot .


He was ejected for protesting the call .
He placed a phone call to London .


Cover your head !
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House .


Strike a balance .
Strike a bargain .


She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .
Is your husband working again ?


He went out to have a look .
His camera does his looking for him .


She knows how to work the system .
He works his parents for sympathy .


The paint will brighten the room .
She brightened when I changed the subject .


The centimetre is a unit of length .
The dollar is the United States unit of currency .


The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .
The pull of the moon .


Let 's say you had a lot of money -- what would you do ?
Let us say that he did not tell the truth .


She played Chopin for her opener .
The season 's opener was a game against the Yankees .


I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
Pack the shirts in dozens , please .


Set a broken bone .
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .


She could not help watching the sad spectacle .
I ca n't help myself -- I have to smoke .


They were sitting by the water 's edge .
They invaded our territorial waters .


There are three synagogues in the Jewish section .
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .


The house is in order .
Order ruled in the streets .


Raise an army .
Raise your ` o ' .


Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?
She classified the articles into different genres .


They serve a restricted role on the bench .
He had served in financial planning positions .


The formation of crystals .
The formation of pseudopods .


To pack fish .
Crowds packed the stands .


Introduce a rule .
Introduce exotic fruits .


Please tell me how to do it .
I tell you that man is a crook !


There is a constant hum of military preparation .
The hum of distant traffic .


We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .
The ball hit the fence .


I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
I 'm afraid I do n't understand what you mean .


They always sat on the right side of the church .
The Confederate side was prepared to attack .


Drink was his downfall .
I 'd like another drink please .


He has an unlisted number .
He had a number of chores to do .


Beat the egg whites .
Reading beats watching television .


Spin silk .
The creek spun its course through the woods .


Cold is a vasoconstrictor .
Come in out of the cold .


Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?
He is on the purchasing side of the business .


These colors clash .
Fans from opposing teams clashed on the streets after the game .


Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her .
Out of respect for his privacy .


I apply this rule to get good results .
Apply for a job .


The key to development is economic integration .
They were carrying two keys of heroin .


When will the meeting be ?
I have been to Spain many times .


To carry the war from Greece into Asia .
The jar carries wine .


Bear news .
Bear gifts .


This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .
How fast does your new car go ?


The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests .
It is not known who created this piece .


How did your interview go ?
Do you think the sofa will go through the door ?


Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .
We focused on what he wanted .


His deference to her wishes was very flattering .
In deference to your wishes .


Break down a proof .
I broke my foot while playing hockey .


The visiting team started to attack .
I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed .


I can feel the sadness in his poems .
She felt an object brushing her arm .


Pottery was his life .
He appointed himself emperor for life .


You ca n't compare my problems and yours .
We compared notes after we had both seen the movie .


They joined the wagon train for safety .
Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .


Adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce .
She engaged in adultery because her spouse has a low libido , while hers is very high .


Her church group has planned an adoption shower .
He took a shower after the game .


Shakespeare 's production of poetry was enormous .
The production of white blood cells .


The drinking fountain was out in the hall .
The elevators were at the end of the hall .


If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .
We focused on what to do .


Give a yelp .
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .


Pull weeds .
I 'm pulling for the underdog .


Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace .
Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions .


Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .
If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .


How nice to see you again !
We had to see a psychiatrist .


The face of the city is changing .
The face of this company .


He put all his efforts into this job .
She put too much emphasis on her the last statement .


Keep going in the same direction .
He had no direction in his life .


Pull the cooked chicken into strips .
A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter .


Dig coal .
Dig out a channel .


They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
Government and business could not agree .


You can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self-addressed envelope to the station .
He read a transcript of the interrogation .


To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .
They saw that the night was quickly drawing in , so they pitched their tent .


The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .
The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him .


You need to get permission to leave early .
He got a girl into trouble .


I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .
The face of the city is changing .


The action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds .
Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible .


Admission is three dollars a head .
Tickets are $ 5 per head .


Train the vine .
She is training to be a teacher .


Law and order .
The house is in order .


We should meet at a pre-arranged point .
She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street .


I could n't shake the car that was following me .
The bad news shook her hopes .


The boat beat in the strong wind .
The sun was beating down on us .


In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen .
Recent developments in Iraq .


Hold these truths to be self-evident .
Hold your temper .


This table would serve very well .
The tree stump serves as a table .


His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority .
A terrible feeling of ulteriority .


Dogs should be kept under restraint .
Legal restraints .


We were just waiting for someone to take the lead .
They did n't follow our lead .


I did n't hold a good hand all evening .
He kept trying to see my hand .


Can you help me carry this table ?
She never helps around the house .


This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .
Get going !


We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
Use your head !


It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .
A door case .


Hold your temper .
The canteen holds fresh water .


She enjoyed her brief taste of independence .
His cold deprived him of his sense of taste .


I 'm going to go freshen up .
She freshened up after the tennis game .


Do you remember that he once loved you ?
I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .


Insure the safety of the children .
If you push it to the limit , safety is not guaranteed .


The job of repairing the engine took several hours .
Estimates of the city 's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars .


They study the evolution of the universe .
Powerful telescopes look far back into the distant reaches of the Universe .


I would like to introduce you to our portfolio of services .
They were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio .


A long and happy marriage .
You should enter marriage for love .


I can only stay for an hour .
The judge stayed the execution order .


The immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English .
Dialects found in both Hangzhou and Shanghai belong to the Wu topolect .


Your performance does n't even touch that of your colleagues .
I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .


A briar patch .
A patch of clouds .


She knotted the end of the thread .
The end of the pier .


Ballet dancers can rotate their legs out by 90 degrees .
We rotate the lead soprano every night .


Every artist needs an audience .
The broadcast reached an audience of millions .


We hit Detroit by noon .
Jones hit for the pitcher .


A ball of fire .
A ball of twine .


Drive a golf ball .
He drives a bread truck .


One foot of the chair was on the carpet .
Armored from head to foot .


Turn your dance partner around .
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold .


She can hold an audience spellbound .
This story held our interest .


She made the boy brush his teeth every night .
The baby was a boy .


If you hurry you 'll catch the post .
Is there any post for me ?


The train backed into the station .
The wind backed .


We can not trust anyone who deceives us .
We can trust in God .


Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS .
The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .


Given a Boolean A , " A OR ( NOT A ) " is a tautology .
A logical statement which is neither a tautology nor a contradiction is a contingency .


The set of prime numbers is infinite .
The set of his mind was obvious .


To fall a tree .
He fell to his knees .


Use the plastic bags to store the food .
He does n't know how to use a computer .


The floor of the cave .
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .


The Boy Scouts were going to accept him as a member .
Accept students for graduate study .


She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .
You 'll pay for this !


Cut the skin with the point of the knife .
He broke the point of his pencil .


Can you stand the bookshelf up ?
He stood the broom in a corner and took a break .


A mess of porridge .
She brought back a mess of fish to fix for supper .


A leak in a gas pipe .
A leak in a roof .


There should n't be more than two dozens .
Pack the shirts in dozens , please .


He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .
He hoped for a new life in Australia .


He was a member of a special police unit .
After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit .


If you 've time to spare go by air .
I need some fresh air .


You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
Launch window .


Assisted procreation can help those trying to conceive .
The racist conceives such people to be inferior .


I just do n't get him .
Where did she get these news ?


My jacket needs a wash .
At the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash .


An industrialized land .
They come from a faraway land .


Her dress was so short you could nearly see her fanny .
In England ` fanny ' is vulgar slang for female genitals .


There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
Oil field .


A stick of wood .
The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .


He has just made his first sale .
They had to complete the sale before the banks closed .


When will the meeting be ?
I am 75 kilograms .


A public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens .
The forces of evil .


A prison term .
The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .


Hold all calls to the President 's office while he is in a meeting .
Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month .


Play safe .
The tape was playing for hours .


We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .
He was caught in the act of stealing a biscuit .


The people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory .
They have serious linguistic deficits .


The ball hit the fence .
I hit the jackpot .


She felt she had to get out of the house .
He has a house on Cape Cod .


Skill is the product of hours of practice .
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .


The sauce should reduce to one cup .
The cells reduce .


To loosen a knot .
After the Thanksgiving meal , Bill loosened his belt .


He overstepped his place .
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .


That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .
It is time to go .


We should go farther in this matter .
His money went on drink .


There is no use for your invention .
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs .


Show me where the business was today .
Government and business could not agree .


The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .
The language introduced is standard throughout the text .


I bet she will be there !
You can bet on that !


Water is the element of fishes .
In your element .


Waiter , please bring me a single malt whiskey .
This brings me to the main point .


She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles .
Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter , though some can be compiled .


I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .
News of her death broke in the morning .


They attacked the enemy 's line .
There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity .


Cut a ticket .
Cut a check .


He used a large book as a doorstop .
Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .


I was born in the year 1950 .
A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .


Could you please scratch my back ?
His back was nicely tanned .


Come down here !
He came from France .


Charges of opposite sign .
He posted signs in all the shop windows .


Raise a shout .
Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?


The room was a mess because he had n't expected company .
Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .


The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .
The President was whisked away in his limo .


They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .
They had to consolidate their operations .


Keep potatoes fresh .
I can not keep track of all my employees .


It started to snow .
It is snowing .


The face of the city is changing .
He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .


I can not find my gloves !
Did you find your glasses ?


In the year 1920 .
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .


This difficult idea seems to evade her .
The con man always evades .


These stories do n't check !
She checked for an instant and missed a step .


It sounds good but what 's the catch ?
The player made an impressive catch .


I drive to work every day .
Drive a golf ball .


I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .
The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .


The assembly line was on a 12-hour run .
I 'm having a run of bad luck .


A heroic figure .
He cut a fine figure .


Tap beer in a bar .
Tap an M3 thread all the way through the hole .


I can feel the sadness in his poems .
It feels nice to be home again .


Dig salt .
Dig out a channel .


Refine oil .
Refine paper stock .


Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .
To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass .


He held a large block of the company 's stock .
Since blocks are often defined as a single sector , the terms ` block ' and ` sector ' are sometimes used interchangeably .


Hold a reception .
The canteen holds fresh water .


They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .
Window of opportunity .


He 's not expected to live for more than a few months .
My grandfather lived until the end of war .


He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage .
He wrote an interesting piece on Iran .


The letter of a room .
There are twenty-six letters in the English alphabet .


Remove a threat .
Doug removed the smudges .


A wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right .
There was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed .


The country set .
He did four sets of the incline bench press .


Why the sad face ?
He washed his face .


She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .
I treated his advances as a joke .


You need to flip the pancake onto the other side .
Flip over the pork chop .


As a Greek numeral , iota represents ten .
There are twelve iotas on that page .


These ugly billboards have to go !
The day went well until I got your call .


A high-pitched voice that could shatter glass .
The old oak tree has been shattered by lightning .


I hold to these ideas .
Hold your tongue .


Use your head !
Use the plastic bags to store the food .


She preferred the black nylon number .
I hope to become one of their number before I die .


A stretch of clear water .
He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary .


I want to see results .
Could you see about lunch ?


Deliver the package to my home .
He does n't have a home to go to .


He 's guilty of murder — he 's going to fry .
If the children stay out on the beach for another hour , they 'll be fried .


The patient developed severe pain and distension .
That kid is a terrible pain .


Block a nerve .
Block a garment .


To line a copy book .
Line one 's pockets .


Some students had stolen the key to the final exam .
He spoke in a low key .


A washing line .
He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .


I start at eight in the morning .
I start my day with a good breakfast .


Hold one 's nose .
Hold the bridge against the enemy 's attacks .


A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .


He got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver .
Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?


The truck overturned while carrying a full load of oil .
The system broke down under excessive loads .


It was about 500 square feet in area .
The photo is a little dark in that area .


The contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm .
When he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan .


The grocery store included a meat market .
She carried a sack of groceries in from the car and set it on the kitchen table .


The object of my affection .
Objects of thought .


What a revolting development !
Recent developments in Iraq .


There has been talk about you lately .
I attended an interesting talk on local history .


Fall into a trap .
She fell to pieces after she lost her work .


There was a reversal of autonomic function .
The reversal of the image in the lens .


To blow a horse .
The whales blew .


We like to walk every Sunday .
We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters .


A riding academy .
The French Academy .


The separation of wheat from chaff .
He hid in the separation between walls .


We hit Detroit by noon .
Hit a ball .


He determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points .
A length of tubing .


Did you catch that allusion ?
He caught the allusion in her glance .


I did n't catch your name .
One foot caught in the stirrup .


Cover her face with a handkerchief .
This should cover everyone in the group .


The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .


Practice makes perfect .
He will need lots of practice with the lines before he performs them .


Put that light out !
He stopped the car and turned off the lights .


Martha , will you say the Pledge of Allegiance ?
She said her ` Hail Mary ' .


The queen and her court traveled to the city to welcome back the soldiers .
The house was built around an inner court .


The strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks .
Fatigue sapped his strength .


They were in the eye of the storm .
Bright lights really hurt my eyes .


The never - ending cycle of the seasons .
The cycle of the seasons , or of the year .


How many cars does she have ?
The dog down the street has a lax owner .


To wander over the fields .
Might her husband be wandering ?


The ballet dancer walked with a graceful attitude .
He assumed an attitude of surrender .


The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .
Vegetable origins .


This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .
Our church is hosting a picnic next week .


That year there was a crop failure .
He felt that his entire life had been a failure .


Come into the room .
I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .


I have to take a leak .
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .


I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
Catch a show on Broadway .


He does not have a grain of sense .
There was a grain of truth in what he said .


No human situation is simple .
The dangerous situation developed suddenly .


Hold in place .
Hold these truths to be self-evident .


A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .


200 head of cattle .
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .


The insurance wo n't cover this .
He covered left field .


Trace a pattern .
Trace the student 's progress .


We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night .
He hit a home run .


I 'll probably see you at the meeting .
They 're blind to the damage they do , but someday they 'll see .


Can I keep my old stuffed animals ?
I can not keep track of all my employees .


There was too much play in the steering wheel .
It is still my play .


A sense of happiness .
A sense of security .


Stop running all over the field and play your position !
Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army .


The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains .
There was a gap in his account .


Both philosophers concord on this point .
Concord the conditions for the marriage of the Prince of Wales with a commoner .


Shoot a movie .
He shot seventeen stills .


Respect my authority !
She spoke with authority .


Check into the rumor .
He checked my kings .


That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .
This time he succeeded .


To raise your walking stick to defend yourself .
A few important questions were raised after the attack .


She used a different color for the trim .
A white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light .


He had a bit of good luck .
A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth .


A wall of water .
Negotiations ran into a brick wall .


He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius .


Enter a race .
Enter a drug treatment program .


Give a course .
What will you give her for her birthday ?


The teacher asked how many people made up his home .
Deliver the package to my home .


Come out of the closet !
The bill came to $ 2,000 .


Hold your tongue .
He can hold his liquor .


This material does n't give .
He gave his life for his children .


The duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups .
A wilderness of masts in the harbor .


In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen .
After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter .


How fast does your new car go ?
The patient went peacefully .


He gave it up as a bad job .
She did an outstanding job as Ophelia .


Check the spelling of this word .
Check your luggage before boarding .


These bonds carry warrants .
This undertaking carries many dangers .


The organism has reached a crucial stage in its development .
Our news team brings you the latest developments .


The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
He washed the dirt from his coat .


There 's little to earn and many to keep .
Keep count .


Roll your hair around your finger .
The President 's convoy rolled past the crowds .


We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content .
The Middle East is fermenting .


Receive letters from the front .
He received Christ .


Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .
They made a check of their equipment .


An account of a battle .
He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president .


The game was interrupted by a brief shower .
He took a shower after the game .


Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
The fugitive has left the country .


When will the meeting be ?
The sky is blue .


I must see your passport before you can enter the country .
See whether you can come tomorrow .


Did you see today 's newspaper ?
Today is beautiful .


They were sitting by the water 's edge .
First you have to cut off the water .


I fear the worst will happen .
I fear for their safety .


He wore a condom over his dick .
Sorry , girls , I suck dick .


They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings .
They forget to solder the contacts .


On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party .
The average return was about 5 % .


The slow development of her skill as a writer .
The development of his ideas took many years .


This mushrooms can poison .
Poison someone 's mind .


The golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling .
In most soccer games there are three officials : the referee and two linesmen .


I will join you watching the football game as soon as I have finished my work .
She joined him for a drink .


Park the car in the yard .
Park your bag in this locker .


He was responsible for the beginning of negotiations .
The beginning of the war .


It 's a quarter til 4 .
A quarter after 4 o'clock .


Her favorite subject is physics .
A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject .


Drill a hole into the wall .
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction .


Make the bed .
Make up a room .


He borrowed a large sum .
The sum of forty pounds .


Being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage .
The whole office was late the morning of the blizzard .


I like the cut of that suit .
A dress of traditional cut .


There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .
The scale of the map .


Go about the world in a certain manner .
We should go farther in this matter .


I really care about my work .
I do n't care .


A leak in a roof .
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .


The moon 's disk hung in a cloudless sky .
Venus ' disk cut off light from the Sun .


There was a connection via the internet .
He has powerful connections .


She can not conduct modern pieces .
Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor .


Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life .
Moved from third to fifth position .


Do n't scratch your insect bites !
The lovers scratched their names into the bark of the tree .


They resisted every effort on his part .
Glue the two parts together .


I may be an hour .
It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period ) .


She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .
He paid her off the books and in kind where possible .


Turn the clay on the wheel .
She turned to her relatives for help .


To snap a whip .
Snap your fingers .


A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
How much furniture did they leave behind ?


We should go farther in this matter .
The day went well until I got your call .


Her fringe is so long it covers her eyes .
Interference fringe .


Lift one 's eyes .
Lift potatoes .


Give a divorce .
Give the orders .


She asked the hairdresser to wave her hair .
She waved her gun .


She is in the right .
Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people"- Eleanor Roosevelt .


O Marcus , I am warm'd ; my heart Leaps at the trumpet 's voice .
A shrill voice sounded behind us .


A reading of the current situation .
He was famous for his reading of Mozart .


Lift the box onto the table .
I lifted the books onto the table .


A crop circle was made in a corn field .
He planted a field of wheat .


She hates me , that 's about the size of it .
That 's the size of the situation .


To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate .
Figo is toying with the English defence .


Did n't know the way home .
If I had my way .


I gave him a bit of my mind .
A bit of lint .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
Fall in love .


We stayed in Hawaii for a week .
After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .


Spray paint on the wall .
Spray water on someone .


The architect left space in front of the building .
They stopped at an open space in the jungle .


Develop a market for the new mobile phone .
Well developed breasts .


There was a grain of truth in what he said .
We stored a thousand tons of grain for the winter .


The rule of St. Dominic .
He determined the upper bound with Descartes ' rule of signs .


Play cards .
We played hockey all afternoon .


It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .
It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .


Go about the world in a certain manner .
She went through a lot of trouble .


Raise a sad cry .
Raised edges .


Do you know the date of the wedding ?
I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .


The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .
There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .


The check will clear within 2 business days .
Clear the leaves from the lawn .


The timing and control of his movements were unimpaired .
He had lost control of his sphincters .


We simply could not start the engine .
John started the party .


Marriage was scarcely his dish .
She prepared a special dish for dinner .


Keep my seat , please .
Keep my job for me while I give birth .


Gather the close family members .
If you want to emphasise the shape , it is possible to gather the waistline .


He got into a terrible fix .
It rained before we repaired the roof , and were we in a fix !


Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta .
The BBC 's engineering division .


We can trust in God .
In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency .


Turn a key .
Turn the clay on the wheel .


A sense of happiness .
In the best sense charity is really a duty .


Simply an identity element if both are true .
A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure .


He always turns first to the business section .
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .


The preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests .
They hoped to join the NATO community .


I shall be writing to you soon .
It is hot in Arizona , but it is not usually humid .


The bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon .
He operated a bank of switches .


He was pleased by the audience 's reaction to his performance .
John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp .


Turn the flour onto a plate .
Turn towards me .


All the salesmen met their quota for the month .
The quota for Japanese imports was negotiated .


I 'll take three salmon steaks .
We are taking an orphan from Romania .


Ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs .
Harvard Divinity School has been teaching theology since 1636 .


Metal fatigue .
The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson .


The pain of loneliness .
That kid is a terrible pain .


A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .


Allow for mistakes .
The evidence allows only one conclusion .


The set of all rational numbers is a field .
The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .


I want to tell you a story .
The father told a story to his child .


I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
Keep my job for me while I give birth .


The storm did a lot of damage to the area .
What 's the damage ? he asked the waiter .


We know this movie .
This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily .


Communicate a disease .
He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist .


Give thought to .
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice .


I expected a brief account .
A person of considerable account .


The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
Turn cartwheels .


My Russian vocabulary is very limited .
The vocabulary of any language is influenced by contacts with other cultures .


The Welsh government claims that Cardiff is Europe 's youngest capital .
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States of America .


His charge was deliver a message .
The charges against the estate .


You ca n't do that in a university setting .
The perfect setting for a ghost story .


The present ministry of the Holy Spirit .
He is studying for the ministry .


The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft .
They made a cover of a Beatles ' song .


Lift potatoes .
Lift my spirits .


What 's a body got ta do to get a drink around here ?
They found the body in the lake .


Shell the legumes .
Shell mussels .


Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona .
Piecas kronas — five krona .


Fall into a trap .
They fell out of favor .


I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .
Get me those books over there , please .


You drive nails into wood with a hammer .
Drive a nail into the wall .


Analyze a sentence .
Analyze a chemical compound .


They agreed about the difficulty of the climb .
Finished the test only with great difficulty .


This will permit the rain to run off .
This permits the water to rush in .


New York is at the mouth of the Hudson .
The jar had a wide mouth .


I ordered two dozen doughnuts .
There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .


She can hold an audience spellbound .
The soprano held the audience .


It is part of the fabric of society .
The fabric of the universe .


Karma 's a bitch .
My bitch just had puppies : they 're so cute !


Please speak up , the line is very faint .
A dedicated line .


Can you live on $ 2000 a month in New York City ?
I lived through two divorces .


His novels always have a lot of action .
The action of natural forces .


He sensed the presence of danger .
Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw .


He used a piece of tape for a belt .
He wrapped a tape around the package .


He worked for price stabilization for farm products .
Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace .


In the abdominal region .
The temperate regions .


This sweater is an all-wool number .
It was one of the best numbers he ever did .


Boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin .
Cereals must be protected from mice and other vermin .


The figure was about a thousand .
She made the best score on compulsory figures .


The patient was bleeding on the right side .
Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?


We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
A hammer strikes against the bell of a clock .


Book fair .
World fair .


It was a bewildering array of books .
His tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall .


Can you take this bag , please .
Take a cookie !


I shall be writing to you soon .
The dog was drowned by the boy .


He managed it on a shoestring .
He did all that on a shoestring budget .


He volunteered to taste her latest concoction .
His testimony was a concoction .


She joined the party after dinner .
We 're expecting a large party from the London office .


He slit the bag open and the rice began pouring out .
Slit the throat of the victim .


He turned the box over to examine the bottom side .
They painted all four sides of the house .


We do business all over the world .
Computers are now widely used in business .


He celebrated after the sale of company .
They held a sale to reduce their inventory .


The strength of the company 's stock in recent weeks .
It was destroyed by the strength of the gale .


He was on the heavy side .
A cube has six sides .


They have two more years before they retire .
I have two years left .


The controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion .
The focus of activity shifted to molecular biology .


A sudden recognition of the problem he faced .
Give her recognition for trying .


I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .
The rumor spread .


Players had to reserve a court in advance .
Pay court to the emperor .


Why the sad face ?
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .


He planted a field of wheat .
There were some cows grazing in a field .


He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful .
What was your score on your homework ?


The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory .
This development played into her hands .


The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish .
Excitement grew as the finish neared .


Fall asleep .
Many soldiers fell at Verdun .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
I discovered how she did it .


At what time does your train leave ?
Her blood left a stain on the napkin .


Shake one 's head .
She shook her finger at the naughty students .


The face of the city is changing .
He washed his face .


I 'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore !
Carmen bought a dress from Diana .


Catch the mood .
The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp .


Rub my hands .
The cat rubbed itself against my leg .


The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .
This proposal meets my requirements .


To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .
She holds her head high .


She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .
I read this address as a satire .


I tried to call you all night .
The new dean calls meetings every week .


After that failure he lost his confidence .
Everyone trusted him with their confidences .


Stretch out that piece of cloth .
I always stretch my muscles before exercising .


Life has lost its point .
Get to the point .


His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
They improve their product every year .


His treatment of the race question is badly biased .
A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started .


Melons come from a vine .
News came in of the massacre in Rwanda .


He hit a home run .
The movie hits theaters in December .


I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .
I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .


There was a small opening between the trees .
The opening established the basic theme .


The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
The boat had a metallic finish .


To approach the city .
He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .


They used the elephants to help put up the circus .
The circus will be in town next week .


This invention will make you a millionaire .
He made a fool of himself at the meeting .


I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .
Jones hit for the pitcher .


She could n't hurt a fly , young slip of a girl that she is .
He blamed his slip on the ice .


Hang a door .
The cloud of suspicion hangs over her .


The distinctive ring of the church bell .
The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe .


When will the meeting be ?
We liked to chat while we were eating .


The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
A conflict of loyalties .


Brush away the crumbs .
She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet .


We stayed in Hawaii for a week .
The smell stayed in the room .


We 'll get them !
Get me those books over there , please .


He checked the point on his compass .
A row of points .


Intellectual bankruptcy .
Spiritual bankruptcy .


Political fatigue .
The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .


Block a muscle .
Block trains .


I shall be writing to you soon .
The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .


Process iron .
Process the applicants .


Fall into a category .
Silly phrases fell from her mouth .


Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .
A successful musical must have at least three good songs .


Mid term goals .
A prison term .


He had a drop too much to drink .
A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index .


They will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter .
His stock was so high he could have been elected mayor .


The team is a unit .
A unit of wheat is a bushel .


I ca n't remember saying any such thing .
I remember the concert clearly , but I ca n't recollect why I was there .


She lost all respect for him .
Be sure to give my respects to the dean .


Sand of a fine grain .
A stone of coarse grain .


He wrote on the flap of the envelope .
The flap of a sail .


She 's my love , my life .
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .


I can not bear his constant criticism .
Bearing orders .


The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?
The problem was a real snorter .


The queen of ocean liners .
Paris is the queen of cities .


It 's rude to point at other people .
The dancers toes pointed outward .


The pull of the moon .
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .


If you want to play varsity , you 'll have to try out for the team .
This approach has been tried with good results .


The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
The nurse washed away the blood .


Give him a hand .
Her hands are really strong .


Play cards .
Play games .


The fashion did not catch .
He caught the allusion in her glance .


Can I give you the children for the weekend ?
Give a yelp .


He 's not in my line of business .
Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available .


The ball hit the fence .
We hit Detroit by noon .


There 's a $ 15 cover tonight .
Artillery provided cover fire for the withdrawal .


Place a check by the things you have done .
Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer .


Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $ 2 billion .
The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals .


An idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another .
He was a member of a special police unit .


Turn the car around .
Turn your face to the wall .


The head of the page .
The head of the stairs .


It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .
His support made a real difference .


Charge the wagon with hay .
The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem .


Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .
Stick around and you will learn something !


He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .
He lived a long and happy life .


Do n't lie to your parents .
He lies in his coffin .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
They fell out of favor .


I 'll give you three books for four CDs .
Give thought to .


Normalize the spelling .
Normalize the temperature .


The ball rolled into the corner pocket .
The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve .


To hold true .
The weather held .


A great congregation of birds flew over .
A congregation of children pleaded for his autograph .


The language introduced is standard throughout the text .
The gift of language .


The rear part of the house .
Glue the two parts together .


The car 's finish was so shiny and new .
Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .


Your wish will come true .
The bill came to $ 2,000 .


Draw the curtains .
Draw a conclusion .


I have two sisters .
Have another bowl of chicken soup !


Spill the milk .
The former employee spilled all the details .


12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .


Take the elevator and get off at the promenade level .
What level is the office on ?


We had to dress quickly .
Dress the patient .


Come down here !
Come with me to the Casbah .


He deserves a good kick in the butt .
Get your butt to the car .


Keep notes .
Keep a diary .


Give one 's talents to a good cause .
Can you give me lessons ?


A shared line .
A dedicated line .


Make way for .
Did n't know the way home .


To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
She admitted us here .


The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .
I was doing dwelling in the cave .


I give you my word that I will be there on time .
He gave his word .


I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
He will hold office until the spring of next year .


The south wall had a small window .
We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .


A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .
A place in my heart .


Please focus the image .
You 'll need to focus the microscope carefully in order to capture the full detail of this surface .


Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .
This will save money .


Strike coins .
The workers struck for a week before the new contract went through .


A high liver .
I 'd like some goose liver pate .


Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .


To set glass in a sash .
To set a precious stone in a border of metal .


Keep my job for me while I give birth .
The students keep me on my toes .


Give an excuse .
What will you give her for her birthday ?


A distant third .
He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .


To say the same thing in other terms .
She has a thing about him .


A psychological profile of serial killers .
A biochemical profile of blood .


Give the orders .
I gave my coat to the beggar .


From cradle to grave .
He went to his grave without forgiving me .


The operator could n't get Kobe because of the earthquake .
Let 's get down to work now .


I can count my colleagues in the opposition .
Each answer counts as three points .


General Smith was placed in command .
A good command of French .


He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time .
His life was all fun and games .


She gave great head .
They say he gives good head .


Where am I going to get my next hit ?
After three misses she finally got a hit .


His salary was determined by his rank and seniority .
The entrance was guarded by ranks of policemen .


Remove a case to another court .
Doug removed the smudges .


The characters were well drawn but the plot was banal .
They concocted a plot to discredit the governor .


At the start of their turn , each player must draw a card .
He spent the day drawing in the garden .


This liquid will soften your laundry .
Soften the butter before beating in the sugar .


The opponent refused to strike .
The teacher struck the child .


The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease .
The growth in income translates into greater purchasing power .


I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better .
By the use of tact , she was able to calm her jealous husband .


You drive nails into wood with a hammer .
We drive the turnpike to work .


Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?
Pay attention .


Fall prey to an imposter .
Fall in love .


Foil your opponent .
In this picture , the figures are foiled against the background .


To raise somebody to office .
Raise the specter of unemployment .


We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
To raise somebody to office .


Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
Why the sad face ?


How much do you make a month in your new job ?
She made ten points in that game .


That is enough for the present .
He lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow .


Can you follow her argument ?
Follow a pattern .


I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .
Make the most of your youth , it will not last forever .


A “ robber baron ” or “ robber knight ” is an historic term and title of disdain .
An oil baron .


Have a feeling .
I wo n't have this dog in my house !


Under control .
He had lost control of his sphincters .


There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .
Normalize the temperature .


The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .


There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations ; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms .
Normalize the spelling .


Get nauseous .
The cat got the goldfish .


I shall be writing to you soon .
She is our resident philosopher .


A peach stone .
You should remove the stones from prunes before cooking .


A bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age .
I love hearing the song of canary birds .


I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .
I only meant to help you .


A lazy bum .
That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !


He failed in his manner of address to the captain .
A man of pleasing or insinuating address .


Rectify a curve .
Rectify alternating current .


The player with the highest score is the winner .
The winning score came with less than a minute left to play .


Catch fire .
She caught her son eating candy .


Make revolution .
Make an effort .


Turn the clay on the wheel .
Ivory turns well .


To charge high for goods .
Will I get charged for this service ?


To pay attention .
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .


The professor did n't like his friends to use his formal title .
He held the title for two years .


We could always call on a friend .
Call the outcome of an election .


What does Bob do ? — He 's a plumber .
This car does 150 miles per hour .


A multinational operation .
It can perform millions of operations per second .


I have two sisters .
The dog down the street has a lax owner .


Answer the telephone .
Answer the door .


A head of cauliflower .
A head of lettuce .


To raise Sandy Hook light .
Raise your hands .


This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes .
You ca n't compare my problems and yours .


While there 's life there 's hope .
I have known him all his life .


The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .
He plotted the orbit of the moon .


Respect my authority !
I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .


My neighborhood voted for Bush .
The price is in the neighborhood of $ 100 .


Everyone got a cut of the earnings .
The lawyer took a cut of the profits .


Can the child dress by herself ?
Marlene dressed the baby .


You never lift a finger to help me !
Lift an embargo .


Play safe .
Play fair .


The chimney corner was full of cobwebs .
A piano was in one corner of the room .


I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .
I gather you have not done your homework .


He made it the law of the land .
There 's no work on the land any more .


Extend the loan .
The war extended over five years .


I need to charge my car battery .
He came charging into my office .


He borrowed a large sum .
A tidy sum .


His lap was covered with food stains .
The job fell right in my lap .


Time stops for nobody .
The time of year for planting .


In Vermont , the leaves turn early .
Ivory turns well .


This economic measure does n't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation .
The first tourists began to arrive in Cambodia .


The very picture of a modern general .
The political picture is favorable .


I want to see results .
You 'll see a lot of cheating in this school .


What did you get at the toy store ?
She did n't get his name when they met the first time .


Murder in the second degree .
There are 360 degrees in a circle .


He dropped the logs on the ground .
They gained ground step by step .


You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .
Pack the books into the boxes .


Raise hell .
Raise Cain .


It worked up to right now .
There is no better time than now .


Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .


The camera could define the smallest object .
The tree was clearly defined by the light .


He received no formal education .
A good teacher is essential for a good education .


Heat the water on the stove .
The sun heats the oceans .


While we 're in Brighton , let 's get a stick of rock !
He threw a rock at me .


The club has a busy calendar this year .
I have you on my calendar for next Monday .


A candy sampler .
A sampler of French poets .


These ugly billboards have to go !
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .


$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .
The family purchased a new car .


He gave me a lift to the bus station .
He gave me a lift home .


Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions .
He worked for price stabilization for farm products .


You have n't got the heart for baseball .
Hearts were trumps .


Make love , not war .
Make revolution .


We saw a two-act play in the theatre .
He wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway .


Draw a wagon .
A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .


He has a house on Cape Cod .
This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .


It was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar .
The orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song .


Raise my salary .
Raise the question of promotions .


He looked around for the source of the disturbance .
There was a disturbance of neural function .


Kill the engine .
These new shoes are killing me !


The family 's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff .
Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .


We had to dress quickly .
Can the child dress by herself ?


Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
Run the dishwasher .


She 's an elegant dresser .
He 's a very snappy dresser .


Just think -- you could be rich one day !
Think what a scene it must have been !


An air of mystery .
The house had a neglected air .


To offset one charge against another .
Offset deposits and withdrawals .


They buried him in his best suit .
Be sure to keep your nose to the grindstone today ; the suits are making a " surprise " visit to this department .


Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it .
He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .


The horse refuses to back .
The wind backed .


Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?
I ordered two dozen doughnuts .


He had a bowel movement .
It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement .


People impute great cleverness to cats .
We imputed this quotation to Shakespeare .


The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound .
The crowded canvas of history .


Analyze a chemical compound .
Analyze a specimen .


Do n't go outside wearing just a t-shirt ; you 'll freeze !
Freeze the leftover food .


The insurance will replace the lost income .
We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago .


The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .
The new stain remover was ten times more effective than the competition .


Lightning produced an unusual union of the metals .
Let C be the union of the sets A and B .


The jar had a wide mouth .
They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .


The opponent refused to strike .
In the fifth inning , the Giants struck , sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2 .


She preferred the black nylon number .
This sweater is an all-wool number .


His first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable .
He hit a double to deep centerfield .


The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .


The patient must drink several liters each day .
He drank out of the goblet .


Bear news .
Bear a heavy load .


Shift the emphasis .
Shift one 's attention .


A mother 's love is not easily shaken .
The theater was her first love .


The class of all sets is not a set .
There are two classes of detergents .


The truth is that he did n't want to do it .
At last he knew the truth .


It set the stage for peaceful negotiations .
He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box .


He was an expert in the field of Chinese history .
The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .


Deal a blow to someone .
I can deal with this crew of workers .


He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage .
He needed a piece of granite .


Drive a car or bus .
She drives for the taxi company in Newark .


We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .
Fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries .


You need to get permission to leave early .
I got a computer from my parents for my birthday .


I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .
The patient does not tolerate the anti-inflammatory drugs we gave him .


Negociate securities .
The pianist negociated the difficult runs .


A time period of 30 years .
Hastened the period of time of his recovery .


Charge the wagon with hay .
Will I get charged for this service ?


Your mother is a right pain .
That kid is a terrible pain .


It is time to go .
These times were erroneously converted between zones .


The salesman 's call on a customer .
That sound is the distinctive call of the cuckoo bird .


The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus .
The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students .


The boat had a metallic finish .
He applied a coat of a clear finish .


Canada is a member of the United Nations .
Members of the opposite sex .


Turn on the spot .
Turn the dial to 10 .


She called it a day and went to bed .
It was a busy day on the stock exchange .


She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly .
You 'll pay for this opinion later .


Pulp fruit .
Pulp wood .


A drop of each sample was analyzed .
There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .


The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .
What he said really hurt my feelings , but his apology sounded so sincere that I could n't help but forgive him .


A lonely way of life .
Make way for .


We need an entreaty to stop the hostilities .
An entreaty to stop the fighting .


I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
Keep on working !


Whatever it was he did n't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could .
The announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise .


The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .
He had a time holding back the tears .


Roughcast a wall .
To roughcast a wall or building .


Open a window and let in some air .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?
He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .


Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
She works as a waitress to put herself through college .


We can not admit non-members into our club building .
A ticket admits one into a playhouse .


Loss of blood is an important cause of shock .
Electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks .


2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News .
1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper .


Peeling potatoes is a drag .
He went to the party dressed in drag .


She was humming an air from Beethoven .
Her hand stopped in mid air .


The ball hit the fence .
The movie hits theaters in December .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
I discovered what he should do .


Hit a ball .
He hit a home run .


Remember to tip the waiter .
Tip the screen upward .


I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers .


Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .
I was doing dwelling in the cave .


He is playing third .
Now put it into third .


The governor should act on the new energy bill .
Think before you act .


Do n't ride me so hard over my failure .
Let it ride .


It was my good luck to be there .
They say luck is a lady .


A piano was in one corner of the room .
The corners of the wire mesh were reinforced with little blobs of solder .


It just wo n't make much difference to me .
There were irreconcilable differences .


I believe it 's your deal .
I did n't have a good deal all evening .


Shoot a goal .
In my round of golf yesterday I shot a 76 .


She did n't get his name when they met the first time .
The ice storm got my hibiscus .


The integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development .
They admired his scrupulous professional integrity .


Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town .


Fall prey to an imposter .
Her hair fell across her forehead .


To advance one 's interests .
We are advancing technology every day .


The written part of the exam .
Please turn to Part I , Chapter 2 .


Follow the trail .
Follow a pattern .


Dress the patient .
He was dressed in the latest fashions .


He lost his place on the page .
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .


My library subscription is about to expire .
The deed was attested by the subscription of his signature .


They are expecting a large vote .
The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .


Strengthen the relations between the two countries .
This exercise will strengthen your upper body .


Pick meat from a bone .
Pick up the tab .


Throw a shoe .
Throw a glance .


A place in my heart .
He has a special place in my thoughts .


C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata .
2004 : Most people used pliers , scissors , rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products . — BBC News .


The sleeves come to your knuckles .
Come into the room .


What do you get when you add up these numbers ?
Get nauseous .


He does n't know how to use a computer .
Use this knife to slice the bread .


He arrived five minutes late , but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift .
Give her credit for trying .


He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain .
He made a figure of Santa Claus .


The check will clear within 2 business days .
The sky cleared after the storm .


If you leave now you might catch him .
She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings .


It was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height .
There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .


Fix breakfast for the guests , please .
I was fixing to leave town after I paid the hotel bill .


The key to solving this problem is persistence .
The key to development is economic integration .


The harmonic series has been much studied .
They were investigating a series of bank robberies .


Charm is his most endearing property .
A study of the physical properties of atomic particles .


Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
They welcomed the signs of spring .


A dedicated line .
I ca n't follow your line of reasoning .


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
Winter comes after autumn .


How fast does your new car go ?
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .


Only the top side of the box was painted .
He stared as she buttoned her top .


We can not admit non-members into our club building .
To admit a serious thought into the mind .


Break a promise .
Break a law .


England scored a goal at the death to even the score at one all .
It was the death of all his plans .


How great thou art !
It 's quite an art .


They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .
A large-scale farming operation .


She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind .
He caught the allusion in her glance .


I was hoping for a yes .
Was that a yes ?


The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade .
This sign marks the border .


He operated a bank of switches .
A huge bank of earth .


This species of snake will only attack humans if it feels threatened .
Hitler attacked Poland on September 1 , 1939 and started World War II .


The formation of crystals .
The formation of gas in the intestine .


There 's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak .
John Doe 's old age and stubborn aversion to new ideas make him a curmudgeon of a candidate .


Then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise .
We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles .


In a small number of horses , muscle weakness may progress to paralysis .
The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed .


To audit the accounts of a treasure , or of parties who have a suit depending in court .
Audit accounts and tax returns .


Scratch that remark .
Do n't scratch your insect bites !


She made a copy of the designer dress .
Please bring me the copies of those reports .


Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .
The ocean was finally at rest .


The cattle roam across the prairie .
The gypsies roamed the woods .


Uncork the French wine .
Uncork a bottle of wine .


Turn the legs of the table .
Turn a somersault .


Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space .
Locate the boundaries of the property .


She read the sky and predicted rain .
I ca n't read his strange behavior .


He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .
He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .


The question of disease merits serious discussion .
There was a question of which material to use .


To fall off a point .
They sailed south around the point .


Raise from the dead .
Raise a protest .


You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .


Cut the songs .
She cut all of her major titles again .


I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .
He detected a note of sarcasm .


Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .
I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .


Play football .
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .


His nomination was hotly protested .
There was keen competition for the nomination .


All you ever think about is sex .
They had sex in the back seat .


Dog is a hyponym of animal .
A is a hyponym of B means that " A is a type of B. " .


He 's a meticulous dresser .
She 's an elegant dresser .


Unemployment is a serious social evil .
The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy .


The name Cézanne is written with an acute accent .
The room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents .


You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red .
He created a new movement in painting .


Will $ 100 do ?
We did 6 miles on our hike every day .


He put the lamp back in its place .
A place in my heart .


Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .
This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .


Keep your cool .
He keeps bees .


Fall prey to an imposter .
They fell out of favor .


The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .
The image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non - negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .


He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .
A row of points .


Jones came in third .
A distant third .


The path of a meteor , of a caravan , or of a storm .
Genius usually follows a revolutionary path .


The letters “ a ” , “ n ” and “ d ” spell “ and ” .
I 'm afraid this spells trouble !


The whole room was cheering .
The room was on its feet .


A four-month stay in bankruptcy court .
A lengthy hospital stay .


He played a shtik Beethoven .
Play it straight with no shtik .


The floor of the pelvis .
He is a floor trader .


IBM received an order for a hundred computers .
The machine is now in working order .


In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .
The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .


The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression .
Her expression changed from joy to misery after realising her winning lottery ticket had expired .


These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge .
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go .


He had no clear picture of himself or his world .
He described his mental picture of his assailant .


How much is the damage ?
What 's the damage ? he asked the waiter .


The foot of the mountain .
His bare feet projected from his trousers .


This sofa wo n't go with the chairs .
We should go farther in this matter .


Can you follow her argument ?
When he lectures , I can not follow .


She did n't get to Chicago until after midnight .
The blow got him in the back .


Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
My wife never worked .


If it was n't subsidized , the nonprofit would be bankrupt .
Employees of a nonprofit rarely make as much as greedy counterparts in the commercial world .


The roll of a ball .
Calculate the roll of that aircraft .


An estimate of what it would cost .
Many factors are involved in any estimate of human life .


Point a gun .
Point the letter .


Work one 's muscles .
My personal trainer works me hard .


Ground the electrical connections for safety reasons .
The storm grounded the ship .


They had sex in the back seat .
( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .


Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !
The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915 .


I fail to understand your motives .
A number of banks failed that year .


Do n't make this into a big deal .
He made a fool of himself at the meeting .


Execute the decision of the people .
Your orders have been executed , sir !


A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company .
The channel is created by bonding the signals from these four pairs .


The war on poverty .
In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .


The climate had the softness of the south of France .
Softness is not something permitted of good leaders .


A body of precedents .
A body of doctrine .


In the interest of safety .
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .


Give her recognition for trying .
Molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities .


The sheets feel soft .
The ground feels shaky .


The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .
The pull of the current .


The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .
Gravitation är svagare än elektromagnetismen , men påverkar all materia och energi .


Georgie Fame plays all types of keyboards including electric piano , organ , and Hammond organ .
The organ of the communist party .


We had to cut short the conversation .
Cut the noise .


Rack one 's brains .
Rack a camera .


The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
The war against crime .


Halt in the name of the law .
He had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name .


You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .
The trunk was full of stuff .


Walk down the street .
He lives on Nassau Street .


She has a heart of gold .
The child was as good as gold .


He had no documents confirming his title to his father 's estate .
I can never remember movie titles .


Have , throw , or make a party .
The horse threw its rider .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
Turning the corner , I discovered a lovely little shop .


He placed a phone call to London .
The salesman 's call on a customer .


I ca n't use this tool .
Use this knife to slice the bread .


I shall be writing to you soon .
The sky is blue .


A training session .
A gossip session .


Convert lead into gold .
He converted his garden into a tennis court .


His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .
The sets were meticulously authentic .


They got an early start .
The movie was entertaining from start to finish .


Education is the door to success .
We closed the door to Haitian immigrants .


We had to dress quickly .
Marlene dressed herself .


Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by .
In many corners of the world they still practice slavery .


You would be a dingbat even to try it .
Yet here he was with an upper class dingbat who just happened to be married to his sister .


Can you work an electric drill ?
This pilot works the controls .


Beat one 's foot rhythmically .
I beat the traffic .


The connection between church and state is inescapable .
The connection between overeating and obesity .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
Fall prey to an imposter .


The story is false , so far as I can discover .
I discovered what to do .


Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .
While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .


This project is his baby .
Hey baby , what are you doing later ?


I 'll offset the time difference locally .
To offset one charge against another .


Please , help !
Can you help me carry this table ?


You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .
Pull your knees towards your chin .


It is not known who created this piece .
I need to rest for a piece .


She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town .
The child rode on his mother 's hips .


There as a trail of blood .
The trail led straight to the perpetrator .


He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .
A dedicated line .


Does my policy cover accidental loss ?
The insurance wo n't cover this .


Turn the dial to 10 .
Turn the heat down .


The home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field .
There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .


Suffer a terrible fate .
His grades suffered .


After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit .
The coach said the offensive unit did a good job .


The lighted ribbon of traffic .
A mere ribbon of land .


To assign counsel for a prisoner .
The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise .


Tension holds the belt in the pulleys .
The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear .


Raise a siege .
Raise a family .


Files with a red tab will be stored separately .
The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs .


How fast does your new car go ?
This door goes to the basement .


Corruption of a minor .
The luxury and corruption among the upper classes .


The military academy at West Point .
Academies of literature and philology .


I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .
He plays the flute .


Let 's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back .
He saves half his salary .


This dish could use a touch of garlic .
With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .


Mount a horse .
The rider mounted his horse .


I do n't have any money left .
I have two years left .


That tree was hit by lightning .
The lightning was hot enough to melt the sand .


Close up an umbrella .
They closed the deal on the building .


Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .


Teenagers follow their friends in everything .
Follow these simple rules .


Draw a conclusion .
Draw a line .


Leave lots of time for the trip .
At what time does your train leave ?


Stand the test of time .
She stands 6 feet tall .


Begin a cigar .
My property begins with the three maple trees .


Turn your face to the wall .
Ivory turns well .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
Fall asleep .


Snap your fingers .
When her baby died , she snapped .


I can not bear his constant criticism .
She is bearing his child .


Play fair .
Play it safe .


Prepare a report .
The prince was prepared to become King one day .


He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .
Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .


Did you get it ?
She did n't get the joke .


A set of golf clubs .
A set of books .


We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater .
Catch the mood .


Air pollution .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


I need to rest for a piece .
He needed a piece of granite .


Turn the clay on the wheel .
Turn the legs of the table .


Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .


Shoot a basket .
Shoot a goal .


He was a member of a special police unit .
The reduced the number of units and installations .


Set the table .
Set the tray down .


He drew a heart and called it a valentine .
He had a change of heart .


Nuts shell in falling .
The corn shelled .


A few words would answer .
She answered the door .


Strike a bargain .
Strike fire from the flintstone .


A bad reaction to the medicine .
The forces of reaction carried the election .


Charlie likes to play Mary .
Princeton plays Yale this weekend .


The price of gasoline .
I paid a high price for my folly .


A bald spot .
A leopard 's spots .


Throw accusations at someone .
She threw a beautiful teapot .


The washing machine wo n't go unless it 's plugged in .
Her face went red with anger .


To set glass in a sash .
The sun sets early these days .


Draw parallels .
Draw a conclusion .


Please follow the guide through the museum .
She followed a guru for years .


Appeal to somebody for help .
The idea of a vacation appeals to me .


I asked for a hot drink .
Likes a drink before dinner .


It worked up to right now .
Now is a good time to do it .


Point a chimney .
Point the letter .


They gave him emotional support during difficult times .
His support kept the family together .


Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .
Keep my seat , please .


He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .
Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .


This piano has a wonderful touch .
She likes the touch of silk on her skin .


Turn your face to the wall .
She is turning 50 this year .


Beat a path through the forest .
Beat one 's breast .


You can not get water out of a stone .
We 'll get them !


He was unable to make his motion because he could n't get recognition by the chairman .
Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases .


This will save money .
I 'll save you the trouble .


A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company .
The English Channel lies between France and England .


The familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats .
His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post .


Find the product of two numbers .
She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents .


The resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance .
Preparations for the ceremony had begun .


An armed guard sat in the box with the driver .
The flowchart contained many boxes .


Swing back .
Swing forward .


US date : 05/24/08 = Tuesday , May 24th , 2008 . UK date : 24/05/08 = Tuesday 24th May 2008 .
The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .


Keep food for a week in the pantry .
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .


I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match .
Let 's gather in the dining room .


My son went to Berkeley to find himself .
The arrow found its mark .


The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree .
The major term of a syllogism must occur twice .


An angry face .
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
Their anger came to a boil .


The press of business matters .
Stop the presses !


Cold is a vasoconstrictor .
Come in , out of the cold .


His claim that he was innocent .
Evidence contradicted the government 's claims .


The pursuit of love .
Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .


Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products .
The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development .


This computer will connect well to the network .
Herman connected the computers together .


He played baseball in high school .
There was a baseball game on every empty lot .


Construct an argument .
Construct a proof .


The upward trend of stock-market prices .
Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .


These chemicals produce a noxious vapor .
This procedure produces a curious effect .


To raise somebody to office .
Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?


After that day she never trusted him again .
These days it is not unusual .


We do business all over the world .
He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !


This job does n't match my dreams .
The company matched the discount policy of its competitors .


There 's little to earn and many to keep .
Where do you keep your gardening tools ?


Approach a task .
To approach the city .


Cure cement .
Cure resin .


You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .
Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce .


It will pay to wait .
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .


Their assumption of his guilt disqualified them from jury duty .
Any society is built upon certain assumptions .


The word is a basic linguistic unit .
The reduced the number of units and installations .


He passed all the exams with ease .
They put it into containers for ease of transportation .


He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .
A person of considerable account .


The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .
The earth 's rotation about its axis is responsible for its being slightly oblate rather than a sphere .


I want to get there early ; let 's roll .
The drawer rolled open .


Air pollution .
Her hand stopped in mid air .


Anthropologists do much of their work in the field .
Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .


He watched the house burn .
Maple wood burns well .


The floor of the pelvis .
The floor of the cave .


Many deaf people communicate with sign language .
I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .


You can use paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .
The book costs five krona .


His love for his work .
So that 's fifteen - love to Kournikova .


The police returned to the scene of the crime .
He made a scene .


He has the authority to issue warrants .
I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department , but not the authority to sack them .


I do n't like the look of the new design .
I do n't like the looks of this place .


The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .
A transmitter in Samoa was heard calling .


We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939 .


The band returned to the stage to play an encore .
He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box .


The end of the pier .
They rode to the end of the line .


His claim on her attentions .
Evidence contradicted the government 's claims .


Ready , set , go !
I went on holiday and got malaria .


To empty a well or a cistern .
Empty the water .


I 'll take the rest .
People actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests .


Do n't catch your meaning .
I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .


I know that the President lied to the people .
I want to know who is winning the game !


In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .
The system consists of a motor and a small computer .


It should arrive any day now .
I 've been here for 2 days and a bit .


The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
The change was intended to increase sales .


Moral bankruptcy .
Intellectual bankruptcy .


A beggar 's masquerade of wealth .
I was invited to the masquerade at their home .


Make friends .
Make enemies .


Pull your knees towards your chin .
Pull the string gently .


The film is set in Africa .
Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children .


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
Amanda carried the package .


The helm of the Commonwealth .
The President is at the helm of the Ship of State .


Masticate rubber .
The cow stood , quietly masticating its cud .


The face of this company .
Why the sad face ?


There was a saving of 50 cents .
The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent .


It 's a quarter til 4 .
The wind is coming from that quarter .


She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .
He washed his face .


The line stretched clear around the corner .
A dedicated line .


Extend a loan .
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .


A good sport .
A poor sport .


Raise my salary .
Raise a sad cry .


I had a brush with danger on my way to work .
He tried to avoid any brushes with the police .


We had a wonderful time at the party .
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .


I feel that we need to try harder .
It feels nice to be home again .


The acquisition of wealth .
The acquisition of sports equipment can be fun in itself .


He enjoyed the society of his friends .
This society has been known for centuries for its colorful clothing and tight-knit family structure .


He came to a bad end .
The end of town .


When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show .
Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .


Do n't forget to charge the drill .
She was charged with supervising the creation of a concordance .


Running at full stretch .
By no stretch of the imagination .


Raise a shout .
Raise a protest .


The change was intended to increase sales .
This storm is certainly a change for the worse .


Block the graphs so one can see the results clearly .
Block a plate for printing .


Draw pulp from the fruit .
A ship draws ten feet of water .


Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans .
The enemy offered little resistance .


A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .
She is 4 years old .


When will the meeting be ?
The postman has been today , but my tickets have still not yet come .


They endured a torrent of inquiries .
A torrent of abuse .


Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
The floor of the pelvis .


We can not trust anyone who deceives us .
In God We Trust - written on denominations of US currency .


Teachers should be well trained in their subject .
Her favorite subject is physics .


If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price , we 'll refund you the difference .
Please refund me my money .


Throw a javelin .
Throw a glance .


Can I buy you a drink ?
I asked for a hot drink .


The stick does not bend .
Bend the rod .


People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium .
The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction .


She 's a kid . It 's normal for her to have imaginary friends .
They 're just kids .


Shoot a movie .
Shoot a basket .


The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .
He booked their seats in advance .


What price glory ?
They say that every politician has a price .


The King used to hunt these forests .
Her uncle is out hunting deer , now that it is open season .


Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .
I tried to call you all night .


The hillside behind our house is n't generally much to look at , but once all the trees turn it 's gorgeous .
In Vermont , the leaves turn early .


Throw the car into reverse .
She threw a beautiful teapot .


To purchase land , to purchase a house .
Carmen purchased a dress for $ 50 .


I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .


The base of the lamp .
The base of the skull .


We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
We only use Spanish at home .


The shot was wide off the mark .
He poured a shot of whiskey .


They were pleased about their move to the country .
The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .


It takes time to learn the setup around here .
The laboratory included an elaborate setup for measuring the energy .


After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .
After graduation , she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser .


An angry face .
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .


An outfitter provided everything needed for the safari .
Before his first walking holiday , he went to a specialist outfitter to buy some boots .


To electrify a limb , or the body .
Electrify an appliance .


You must carry your camping gear .
These pipes carry waste water into the river .


To beam forth light .
The fire beamed on their faces .


As the altitude increases , the temperature gets lower , so remember to bring warm clothes to the mountains .
The altitude gave her a headache .


I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .
His bare feet projected from his trousers .


To press a crowd back .
Press a record .


The development of Alaskan resources .
Such land is practical for small park developments .


Can I give you the children for the weekend ?
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool ?


Get a life .
His heroism saved a life .


What will you give her for her birthday ?
He gives of his energies to the organization .


A set of golf clubs .
A set of teeth .


Did you get it ?
It must be getting more serious .


If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
She broke the match .


The Pauli Exclusion Principle prevents two fermions from occupying the same state .
The principles of democracy .


Pull a bank robbery .
He regularly pulls 12-hour days , sometimes 14 .


You never understand what I mean !
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer .


Her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color .
He made a great splash and then disappeared .


Bear a heavy load .
Bearing orders .


His state of health .
The current state of knowledge .


I 've practiced the piano off and on , and I still ca n't play very well .
Can you play on this old recorder ?


I took the noon flight to Chicago .
Where is the departure gate for flight 747 ? / Go straight down and to the right .


Everyone showed that the ghost of an old lady haunted this crypt .
He looked like he had seen a ghost .


This will permit the rain to run off .
She permitted her son to visit her estranged husband .


The computer weather model did not correctly predict the path of the hurricane .
A model of clarity .


They moved in under a mask of friendship .
No mask could conceal his ignorance .


Politicians have to respect a mass movement .
Movement is a sign of life .


He detected a note of sarcasm .
There was a note of gaiety in her manner .


The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .


I will work hard to improve my grades .
John worked with Paul at finishing the task .


We must move quickly .
To move in a matter .


These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .
Let them match their best athletes against ours .


He had to appear in court last month .
Homo sapiens appeared millions of years ago .


Alternately relax and tense your calf muscle .
The bodybuilder 's neck muscles tensed .


Where do these books go ?
It 's your turn ; go .


To send a message , or a letter .
Nora sent me the book .


The key to winning a game .
They were carrying two keys of heroin .


The town debated the purification of the water supply .
First you have to cut off the water .


These shoes come in three colors .
The sleeves come to your knuckles .


Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .
To sophisticate the understanding . — Southey .


Payments fall on the 1st of the month .
Night fell .


The boxer was a magnificent fighting machine .
The war machine .


Fall prey to an imposter .
The line of men fall forward .


Drive the forest .
What are you driving at ?


While there 's life there 's hope .
Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .


The course was less than a mile .
He took a course in basket weaving .


We 've been having a lot of rain lately .
The rains came late that year .


Ears open to catch every sound .
If he catches you on the chin , you 'll be on the mat .


He was given credit for his work .
I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .


A ten day 's leave to visit his mother .
She was granted leave to speak .


The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car .
Business competition can be fiendish at times .


Lie dormant .
The book lies on the table .


Close up an umbrella .
Her arms closed around her long lost relative .


Raise a mutiny .
Raised edges .


Pull the string gently .
Pull the handle towards you .


Fall by the wayside .
He fell to his knees .


It was a fight to the finish .
He applied a coat of a clear finish .


This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa .
He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black .


Open the door a crack .
We managed to squeeze through a crack in the rock wall .


The locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle .
A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value , the radius .


The voice of the law .
The noisy voice of the waterfall .


He left school before the end of term .
The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt .


The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation .
The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .


The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft .
The fox was flushed from its cover .


Stay alone .
The judge stayed the execution order .


Every artist needs an audience .
He requested an audience with the king .


I take it you 're not going ?
Looking at him as he came into the room , I took him for his father .


The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight .
I took the noon flight to Chicago .


He bought some reading material at the airport .
He has a job meter reading for the gas company .


He was in the employ of the city .
The school district has six thousand teachers in its employ .


The Earth turns .
The wheels are turning .


We only use Spanish at home .
He does n't know how to use a computer .


A four-month stay in bankruptcy court .
They had a nice stay in Paris .


You must carry your camping gear .
Amanda carried the package from home to New York .


You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?
A bad reaction to the medicine .


Can you teach me to sew ?
Wanda taught the students .


The ocean was finally at rest .
A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .


Draw pulp from the fruit .
Draw blood and pus .


What do you get when you add up these numbers ?
My children finally got me to buy a computer .


When will the meeting be ?
The dog was drowned by the boy .


Fly a kite .
Lindbergh was the first to fly the Atlantic .


Drop me a line when you get there .
They attacked the enemy 's line .


He was arrested on a charge of larceny .
The charges against the estate .


Play cards .
He plays on three teams .


This computer will connect well to the network .
Our computers connected .


He admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work .
An inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell .


She wants to leave .
He left the Senate after two terms .


The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .
He has tried several different word processing applications .


The song of bullets was in the air .
The song of the wind .


He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment .
The face of this company .


To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .
Raise a siege .


The battery had a short life .
While there 's life there 's hope .


We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .
If you were in my place what would you do ?


I could see the roof of the bear 's mouth .
The roof of the cave was very high .


He was admitted to the bar in New Jersey .
Unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter .


He ate a large bag of popcorn .
He carried his small bag onto the plane with him .


Straighten hair .
Straighten this post .


Mailed an indignant letter to the editor .
A blood letter .


He was on the heavy side .
It brought out his better side .


The second movement is slow and melodic .
A broad movement of the electorate to the right .


He was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame .
They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock .


He 's family .
His family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower .


To call the roll of a military company .
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow .


That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .
He called four times .


Follow the road .
Let 's follow our great helmsman !


Do n't approach that house .
We were approaching our destination .


Pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf .
Pull a bank robbery .


It brought out his better side .
John wrote 15 sides for his essay !


Come down here !
He came from France to Colorado .


Draw a chicken .
The participants in the experiment were drawn from a representative population .


The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .
The scale of the map .


I ca n't get these boots off ( or on ) .
She did n't get the joke .


The market was up at the finish .
Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .


Booze will be the finish of him .
Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art "-- Joseph Conrad .


* I acknowledge my transgressions . - Psalm 51:3 .
She acknowledged that she might have forgotten .


If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
She broke the vase .


In the political orbit of a world power .
In the post WWII era , several eastern European countries came into the orbit of the Soviet Union .


I think he is very smart .
Think what a scene it must have been !


He checked the direction and velocity of the wind .
Keep going in the same direction .


Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?
She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .


The shelves were lined with pottery of all shapes and sizes .
Bernard Leach was skilled at pottery .


Design a better mousetrap .
She designed to go far in the world of business .


Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains .
Amanda trucked the package from Philadelphia to her mother 's house .


A big oil spot spread across the water .
She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .


Fix a race .
Let 's fix the picture to the frame .


The right front tire had a blowout .
As a result of the blowout we lost all the lights .


I hold him personally responsible .
Hold these truths to be self-evident .


The judge tried both father and son in separate trials .
The judge pronounced often before , but never so widely press-attended .


He had to appear in court last month .
She appeared on several charges of theft .


The two stories do n't agree in many details .
They agreed with her how to do it .


Beat a path through the forest .
Beat the rhythm .


A crop circle was made in a corn field .
There were some cows grazing in a field .


He was ejected for protesting the call .
I received several calls today .


I wish I could go home now .
I wish that Christmas were over .


To my immense gratification he arrived on time .
Dull repetitious work gives no gratification .


Put the kettle on the fire .
Barbecue over an open fire .


Beat the drum .
Beat one 's breast .


His etiolation signaled years in prison .
The etiolation of celery .


Extend my greetings .
Extend the loan .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
Herman connected the computers .


When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .
The wax melted in the sun .


Your place or mine ?
A woman 's place is no longer in the kitchen .


While there 's life there 's hope .
He gave up on life .


In the day of the dinosaurs .
In the days of sailing ships .


The plane went into a steep bank .
A huge bank of earth .


The addition of a leap day every four years .
The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor .


Float data .
The dancer floated across the stage .


At that point I had to leave .
To fall off a point .


A return to one 's question .
The return of spring .


When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall .
The fall of the House of Hapsburg .


To raise a wall , or a heap of stones .
Raise a family .


He stepped into the light .
Hey , buddy , you got a light ?


We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust .
She failed in her obligations as a good daughter-in-law .


Point a chimney .
The gun points with ease .


Turn on the spot .
The wheels are turning .


Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .
An opportunity opened up .


He wrote on the flap of the envelope .
The flap of a wing .


The development and printing of his pictures took only two hours .
After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter .


He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
I really care about my work .


Can you wash away the spots on the windows ?
The swollen river washed away the footbridge .


They are the progressive wing of the Republican Party .
He preferred the drumsticks to the wings .


Oil field .
He longed for the fields of his youth .


Extract information from the telegram .
Extract a bad tooth .


The motor was out of commission .
Put the ships into commission .


This is a nice place for a picnic .
A place in my heart .


Extend the casserole with a little rice .
Extend my greetings .


They made a check of their equipment .
He paid all his bills by check .


He put flowers on his mother 's grave .
He went to his grave without forgiving me .


The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls .
Events now in process .


A set of teeth .
A set of books .


Will you trade your precious watch for my earring ?
The stock traded around $ 20 a share .


Great progress in the arts .
He listened for the progress of the troops .


Do n't catch your meaning .
Catch some sleep .


Offer prayers to the gods .
He offered his opinion .


1919 : I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked . — Sax Rohmer , The Quest of the Sacred Slipper .
C. 1925 : Come , force the gates with crowbars , prise them apart ! — Jack Lindsay , translation of Lysistrata .


The army maintains a missile range in the desert .
Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice .


Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it .
Printed matter .


The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .
The volume of exports .


The facts had been brought to the surface .
Three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water .


Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
In the common interest .


Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
Those clouds show signs of raining soon .


The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .
Their parting was a sad scene .


Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .
I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .


Draw a card .
To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .


The lawyer obtained impunity by dragging his obviously guilty client 's case beyond the 10 years limitation .
Statute of limitations .


His mother threatened to spank him if he did n't behave .
The children must learn to behave .


Render fat in a casserole .
They had to render the estate .


Some people put the stress on the first syllable of “ controversy ” ; others put it on the second .
Go easy on him , he 's been under a lot of stress lately .


They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory .
Due to an undersized inventory at the Boston outlet , customers had to travel to Providence to find the item .


He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess .
The CEO made a public apology for the scandal , and promised full cooperation with the authorities .


Cover her face with a handkerchief .
Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself .


The sale will run for ten days .
The film runs 5 hours .


When the weather is warm , the snowman will disappear ; he will melt .
Melt butter .


Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts , not to sophisticate , not to refine . — M. Arnold .
Their manners had sophisticated the young girls .


I know him under a different name .
We know this movie .


To wander over the fields .
Jews were wandering .


The south wall had a small window .
Stomach walls .


If the vase falls to the floor , it might break .
He broke the glass plate .


Stream of consciousness .
A stream of people emptied from the terminal .


I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .
He gives of his energies to the organization .


A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .
The nurse drew blood .


Fall prey to an imposter .
She fell ill .


Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk , from this distance ?
No , there 's no way to tell .


To crack a whip .
Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county .


It was an experience he would not soon forget .
He had a religious experience .


Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .
He said he was looking for the way out .


The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague .
The skim milk substitutes for cream -- we are on a strict diet .


They entertained on a grand scale .
The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the open-ended Richter scale .


I suspect he is a fugitive .
To suspect the presence of disease .


We hope you never have to suffer the same pain .
He suffered the penalty .


He asked to see the executive who handled his account .
He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .


The party of the first part .
The green party took 12 % of the vote .


Offer prayers to the gods .
The Shakespeare Company is offering ` King Lear ' this month .


They developed a scheme of mutual support .
The government provides support to the arts in several ways .


Ears open to catch every sound .
I caught the aroma of coffee .


What does the law say ?
The registrar says that I owe the school money .


Ditch a plane .
Ditch a car .


A critical time in the school 's history .
History repeats itself if we do n't learn from its mistakes .


Roll out the paper .
The drawer rolled open .


We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba .
A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake .


That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome-Thomas de Quincey .
A beggar 's masquerade of wealth .


I may be an hour .
Where is my umbrella ? " " The toolshed is in the back .


The piano had a very stiff action .
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position .


A working stiff .
A lucky stiff .


The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written .
Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals .


It was a package deal .
He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals .


Drill for oil .
Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .


The ship changed its course 15 degrees towards south .
The river takes a southern course .


Draw water from a well .
Draw parallels .


The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .
Have a lover .


Apply for a job .
She applied for college .


Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
They climbed the north face of the mountain .


The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .
A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .


To exclude young animals from the womb or from eggs .
The unruly student was excluded from the game .


He drew a line on the chart .
His face has many lines .


There was a light at every corner .
They played as long as it was light .


The job will take more than an hour .
I spent an hour at lunch .


You need to get permission to leave early .
He got 5 years in prison .


You should consult the dictionary .
Men forgot , or feared , to consult .


Turn your palm this way .
Turn a key .


Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen .
He dragged the big suitcase behind him .


She did n't leave until midnight .
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .


Check into the rumor .
Check the time of the class .


The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies .
At what stage are the social sciences ?


The wire has an extension of 50 feet .
Extension of the program to all in need .


We had to stand for the entire performance !
The statue stood on the corner .


The literacy rate .
The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .


Disperse particles .
The Jews are dispersed among all nations .


Deep in her breast lives the silent wound .
He feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound .


Does my policy cover accidental loss ?
The female covers the eggs .


The word " kerosine " is a variant of “ kerosene ” .
A variant of the same word .


The letter " G " was found in volume 4 .
Please turn down the volume on the stereo .


A set of golf clubs .
He gave a final set to his hat .


Xhosa speakers click .
Click ! The door opened .


He spoke in a nervous tone of voice .
He began in a conversational tone .


A five-pound beef heart will serve six .
He drew a heart and called it a valentine .


Remove a threat .
He removed the marbles from the bag .


Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
We should go farther in this matter .


We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .
The walls were covered with pictures .


Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .


The difference in her is amazing .
It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .


Can I go now ?
It 's your turn ; go .


Let 's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours .
Stretch your arms out above your head .


Burn garbage .
She was burning with anger .


The edge of the leaf is wavy .
The water 's edge .


To arouse anger .
Arouse pity .


Did you catch that allusion ?
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .


Can I buy you a drink ?
He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued .


The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs .
If you see this man , run !


A wall of water .
The south wall had a small window .


The grant does n't cover my salary .
The second officer covered the top floor .


Toe the line .
A washing line .


Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist 's remarks ?
Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman ?


What makes her do this way ?
A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .


A hurl of abuse .
He managed a hurl of 50.3 metres .


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
They were admitted into his house .


Do n't interrupt me when I 'm reading .
We interrupt the program for the following messages .


We can not admit non-members into our club building .
She admitted us .


He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance .
The account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious .


You must carry your camping gear .
Amanda carried the package from home .


We will strike a medal in your honour .
The boxer struck the attacker dead .


This invention will make you a millionaire .
Make yourself clear .


I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .
The light of my life .


Pay an obligation .
Pay a debt .


Carry the suitcases to the car .
Amanda carried the package from home to New York .


Dress a turkey .
Dress the patient .


Carry the suitcases to the car .
These pipes carry waste water into the river .


Pull a chicken .
The car pulls to the right .


Drop him from the Republican ticket .
The cow dropped her calf this morning .


The prescription specified only one refill .
He got a refill of his prescription .


It was his area of specialization .
Areas of interest include ...


It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo-playing unicyclists .
They formed a small lunch society .


His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue .
Skill is the product of hours of practice .


Suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless .
A gradual slack in output .


Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies .
We focused on reading the book .


If you do n't give me a reason to go with you , I wo n't .
The reason that war was declared .


That sad movie always makes me cry .
She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death .


If the new teacher wo n't break , we 'll add some stress .
The clouds broke after the heavy downpour .


She had a difficult delivery .
His reluctant delivery of bad news .


He has a special place in my thoughts .
Your place or mine ?


They could still receive the sound but the picture was gone .
She was the picture of despair .


He is a quick study .
No schools offer graduate study in interior design .


A right angle is a ninety degree angle .
Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees .


Come out of the closet !
A scream came from the woman 's mouth .


The body lay in a pool of blood .
The pools of Solomon .


Have , throw , or make a party .
Throw a javelin .


The employees ' attitude is really hurting the concern .
A racially integrated business concern .


Shed your clothes .
He shed his image as a pushy boss .


He stuck his head out the window .
Be careful when you pet that dog on the head ; it may bite .


Enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work .
H = U + p V , where H is enthalpy , U is internal energy , p is pressure , and V is volume .


Do n't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river .
He underestimated the work that went into the renovation .


He went to law school out of respect for his father 's wishes .
He inspires respect .


The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .
The first act has three scenes .


The gun was steadied on a special rest .
The ocean was finally at rest .


Break a branch from a tree .
The twig broke off the branch .


Rally together against a common enemy .
The enemy attacked at dawn .


A good cook can often just eyeball the correct quantities of ingredients .
Each geometric construction must be exact ; eyeballing it and getting close does not count .


The boys were playing kickball in the mud .
She made the boy brush his teeth every night .


The part of his hair was slightly to the left .
His part was right in the middle .


How many cars does she have ?
Have an assistant .


The devotion of his time and wealth to science .
Their devotion to each other was beautiful .


We love to ski the Rockies .
My children do n't ski .


They began to fight like fun .
He was fun to be with .


The surface had a greasy feeling .
She had a feeling of euphoria .


I wo n't have this dog in my house !
Have , throw , or make a party .


The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?
I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .


There was a dullness in his heart .
Without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it .


The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
How much furniture did they leave behind ?


The dog 's woolly shag .
He bought a shag rug .


An early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage .
We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles .


She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude .


The enemy fire is increasing – can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers ?
The dictionary 's coverage of standard English is excellent .


Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on .
We kept the work going as long as we could .


Drive the game .
She finally drove him to change jobs .


The cooling touch of the night air .
Suddenly , in the crowd , I felt a touch at my shoulder .


Write your name in the space provided .
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .


It 's become a habit of mine to have a cup of coffee after dinner .
It was their habit to dine at 7 every evening .


Have a lover .
We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .


Use your head !
I ca n't use this tool .


In careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size .
Universities recognized the enormity of their task .


Tea has fragrant white flowers .
We met at the Dean 's tea for newcomers .


I wanted to create an impression of success .
He watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax .


His victory is a certainty .
His certainty reassured the others .


He could not touch the meaning of the poem .
Touch the stone for good luck .


The farmer 's field was a civil war battleground , and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing .
Field of view .


Extend a hand .
My land extends over the hills on the horizon .


Pick up the tab .
Pick up the burden of high-interest mortgages .


He does not support his natural children .
The scholarship supported me when I was in college .


The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves .
The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
Change per unit volume .


They hope to make a bigger profit .
You have to spend money to make money !


The shark is a large fish .
In the living room there was a tank of colorful fish .


Your wish will come true .
The shoes came untied .


Drive a car or bus .
She finally drove him to change jobs .


You have to shift when you go down a steep hill .
Shift one 's position .


He had worked in construction all his life .
Their main business is home construction .


View a show on television .
View an exhibition .


He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father .
He betrayed their trust .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
The dollar is the United States unit of currency .


Work your way through every problem or task .
Start from the bottom and work towards the top .


Kill a motion .
These new shoes are killing me !


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
A ticket admits one into a playhouse .


I apply this rule to get good results .
This thinking was applied to many projects .


He finished an inglorious last .
He was the last to leave .


The noblemen visited the queen in her court .
The king will visit the duke 's court .


He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
How much do you make a month in your new job ?


They shot 20 head of quail .
200 head of cattle .


Mount an attack .
Mount a play .


Can you teach me to sew ?
I taught them French .


Their interests did n't match , so it took a long time to agree what to do together .
Matchmaker , can you match my daughter with a nice young man ?


To militate in favor of a particular result .
Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed .


We hiked through the Andes mountain range .
The valley was between two ranges of hills .


You ca n't compare my problems and yours .
John compared his haircut to his friend 's .


Who 's got dibs on the chips ?
Dibs means I get the hammock .


He stared as she buttoned her top .
Put your books on top of the desk .


I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .
Catch some sleep .


We 're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling .
Stomach walls .


You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter .
He has a smooth line but I did n't fall for it .


That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !
Fred is becoming a bum - he 's not even bothering to work more than once a month .


Propagate sound or light through air .
Sound and light propagate in this medium .


New Englanders drop their post-vocalic r 's .
She dropped acid when she was a teenager .


Reduce a problem to a single question .
The cells reduce .


This method does n't work .
How does your idea work in practice ?


The dollar is the United States unit of currency .
The word is a basic linguistic unit .


The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .
The swollen river washed away the footbridge .


We used a poison to kill the weeds .
The poison of fascism .


The surface had a greasy feeling .
The wool on my arm produced a strange feeling .


Can I buy you a drink ?
Drink was his downfall .


A broad movement of the electorate to the right .
He was a charter member of the movement .


We encountered an abandoned boat at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers .
Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers .


We can not admit non-members into our club building .
They were admitted into his house .


Maple syrup .
Pancake syrup .


Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
Why the sad face ?


It is a job requiring serious application .
December 31 is the deadline for MBA applications .


When will the meeting be ?
There were two hundred people at his funeral .


Can you unravel the mystery ?
Mother could n't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it .


The end of the year .
The end was exciting .


We like to summer in the Mediterranean .
My family always summered at the seashore .


You really have to empathize .
You really have to empathize with their doing it .


Play football .
Play cards .


He has a sinister smile .
He always puts a smile on my face .


A component or constituent element of a system .
The smaller component is hard to reach .


To fall off a point .
The one with the most points will win the game .


Raise a smile .
Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?


They were arrayed in line of battle .
He drew a line on the chart .


He left school before the end of term .
A prison term .


The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill .
There is no life on the moon .


Do n't drift from the set course .
The stock market drifted upward .


Raise hell .
Raise the roof .


This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster .
She is 4 years old .


Store grain for the winter .
The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he does n't eat .


Stir the soup .
Stir emotions .


I was invited to the masquerade at their home .
That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome-Thomas de Quincey .


The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train .
The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours .


We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements .
Under the head of minor Roman poets .


Give one 's opinion .
Give an excuse .


Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .
The trackless wastes of the desert .


Can you play on this old recorder ?
He plays the flute .


In the year 1920 .
She is 4 years old .


He put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down .
All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee , a warm fire , a good book and a comfortable chair .


Infection can cause a lupus flare .
A colitis flare .


The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth .
Many telecommunication satellites orbit at 36000 km above the equator .


A is a hyponym of B means that " A is a type of B. " .
British is a hyponym of European .


The mayor threw out the first ball .
The ball rolled into the corner pocket .


He made a good impression .
I wanted to create an impression of success .


They have no monopoly on intelligence .
A land monopoly renders its holder(s ) nearly almighty in an agricultural society .


Do n't go outside wearing just a t-shirt ; you 'll freeze !
The water in the bowl froze .


Beat the cream .
Beat the egg whites .


You can lose your identity when you join the army .
It was too dark to determine his identity .


He awoke with a start .
He woke with a start .


Throw a frisbee .
Jane threw dinner together .


You have no right to go through my personal diary .
They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights .


My cold is gone -- I feel fine today .
She felt sad after her loss .


It started to snow .
It was snowing all night .


The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .
I wo n't have this dog in my house !


Can you stand the bookshelf up ?
The law stands !


Here I stand , wondering what to do next .
I am standing my ground and wo n't give in !


I shall be writing to you soon .
He is a herpetologist .


The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
They welcomed the signs of spring .


We had to stand for the entire performance !
They stood the statue on the pedestal .


I shall be writing to you soon .
It has been three years since my grandmother died . ( similar to My grandmother died three years ago , but emphasizes the intervening period ) .


We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .
That store offers a variety of products .


That acorn will grow into an oak tree .
The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree .


I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .


The newsman wanted to break a big story , something that would make him famous .
News of her death broke in the morning .


A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain .
A sample for ten days free trial .


I carry her image in my mind 's eye .
I carry a lot of life insurance .


Did you get it ?
I just do n't get him .


It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .
Latin has six cases , and remnants of a seventh .


If he asks for food , point him toward the refrigerator .
The dog pointed the dead duck .


Go to the supermarket and buy some tea .
Would you like some tea ?


Implement a procedure .
It 's a good thought , but it will be a difficult thing to implement .


Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?
Extend the TV antenna .


He was numb with shock .
The old car needed a new set of shocks .


The safety of the ship is the captain 's concern .
She felt strong concern for those less fortunate .


He attributed the change to their marriage .
Can I get change for this $ 100 bill please ?


I tell you that man is a crook !
Ellen told Helen about the situation .


I need to charge my car battery .
The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem .


A monopoly on silver .
When you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like .


I mean no harm .
I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .


She 's got a perfect smile .
She had a smile on her face .


Face the lapels of the jacket .
An enormous dilemma faces us .


I know it 's time .
It is vital that he not know .


Purge the water .
Purge your mind .


Will $ 100 do ?
A ' B ' grade does n't suffice to get me into medical school .


Can you unravel the mystery ?
Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth ! You will unravel it .


He gestured for silence .
There was a shocked silence .


A shared line .
I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .


The machine is now in working order .
He put his desk in order .


How much do you make a month in your new job ?
She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .


Beat one 's breast .
Beat one 's foot rhythmically .


The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
They needed rugs to cover the bare floors .


The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle .
The car cut to the left at the intersection .


The consolidation of the United States ' hegemony over a new international economic system .
The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation .


When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .
The course covered all of Western Civilization .


Strike coins .
Strike a pose .


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
She admitted us .


As there was a lot of damage , we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch .
Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels .


He was a great actor in his time .
He waited a long time .


Melt butter .
The wax melted in the sun .


The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .
Fever left him weak on his sticks .


Education is the door to success .
I knocked on the vice president 's door .


There will be a charge of five dollars .
The admission charge .


Crown my teeth .
The speech crowned the meeting .


A figure of $ 17 was suggested .
The area covered can be seen from Figure 2 .


I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change .
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .


I take aspirin every day to thin my blood .
I do n't take sugar in my coffee .


This method does n't work .
The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water .


The wee small voice of conscience .
The incessant voices of the artillery .


The big hand counts the minutes .
On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...


He ′s always stuffing his gob with fast food .
Oi , you , shut your gob !


Give me a hand with the chores .
He kept trying to see my hand .


The point guard drove toward the basket .
Let 's play some basket .


We 've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month .
The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .


Will online dictionaries ever supplant paper dictionaries ?
The computer has supplanted the slide rule .


He reserved a large block of seats .
He held a large block of the company 's stock .


Carry the suitcases to the car .
Amanda carried the package to New York .


An achievement that puts everything else in the shade .
His brother 's success left him in the shade .


Do n't ride the clutch !
Did you ever ride a camel ?


He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .


For the sake of argument .
Died for the sake of his country .


This will help to prevent accidents .
I served him three times , and after that he helped himself .


We ca n't do it unless we establish some system around here .
The body has a system of organs for digestion .


Hey , buddy , you got a light ?
Although he saw it in a different light , he still did not understand .


In England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach .
Hey you slowcoaches in the back ! Get a move on !


He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
They hope to make a bigger profit .


He is the very model of a modern major general .
A model of clarity .


Stick your thumb in the crack .
Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .


I want to disengage myself from his influence .
Disengage the gears .


Round off the amount .
Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred .


Beat on the door .
The sun was beating down on us .


Not a breath of scandal ever touched her .
There was n't a breath of air in the room .


They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory .
They carried a vast inventory of hardware .


Mariners on sailing ships would sound the depth of the water with a weighted rope .
Sound the alarm .


He tried to understand their system of classification .
The system consists of a motor and a small computer .


The plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville .
There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas .


The government took a firm course .
He took a course in basket weaving .


I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock .
I have some free time tonight so I think I 'll catch a movie .


The office is in the gift of the President .
She had a gift for playing the flute .


He 's a master of the business deal .
He got a good deal on his car .


The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction .
You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?


The company tried to project an altruistic image .
The image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .


He played catch with his son in the backyard .
The kids love to play catch .


He has a happy disposition .
I have little disposition now to do as you say .


Please tell me how to do it .
Ellen told Helen about the situation .


One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .
The ends justify the means .


He is on the purchasing side of the business .
Look on the bright side .


He threw away the rest .
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain .


Load the camera .
He loaded carbs into his system before the marathon .


Answer the telephone .
She answered the door .


The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .
The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .


Catch fire .
Catch the mood .


The wall followed the road .
Stomach walls .


The horse was tough to break .
I broke in the new intern .


Shoot craps .
Shoot a movie .


Develop a market for the new mobile phone .
Many countries in Asia are now developing at a very fast pace .


The military academy at West Point .
The French Academy .


We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order .
They had a quarrel .


The cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface .
Earthquakes originate far below the surface .


Your choice of colors was unfortunate .
The ice cream sundae is a popular choice for dessert .


Develop a market for the new mobile phone .
We must develop more potential customers .


The application of maximum thrust .
Massage has far-reaching medical applications .


They put it into containers for ease of transportation .
A life of luxury and ease .


My headache has no connection with me going out last night .
There was a connection via the internet .


The song of the wind .
Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .


Red Rum only won by a nose .
My horse lost the race by a nose .


He grew up in a good Christian home .
There 's no place like home .


Please follow the guide through the museum .
The ducklings followed their mother around the pond .


There was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy .
The young geisha was inducted into the ways of her profession .


Stimulate my appetite .
This play stimulates .


In the day of the dinosaurs .
In the days of the Roman Empire .


To say the same thing in other terms .
How can you say such a thing ?


He got in touch with his colleagues .
This room needs a woman 's touch .


The back of the dental chair was adjustable .
He stood at the back of the stage .


This may answer her needs .
A few words would answer .


Meat loaf .
A loaf of cheese .


Competition was pushing them to the wall .
The wind blew against the walls of the tent .


Port a rifle .
.. the angelic squadron ... began to hem him round with ported spears . — Milton , Paradise Lost ( 1667 ) , book IV .


After careful reflection , I have decided not to vote for that proposition .
He studied his reflection in the mirror .


Why do n't you call me in the morning ?
Why do n't you call tomorrow ?


Tease wool .
The children teased the new teacher .


Do you take me for a fool ?
How should I take this message ?


Lie dormant .
The snow lies on the roof .


She retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting .
He just did it for effect .


The patient was bleeding on the right side .
He had a pain in his side .


To crack a whip .
The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke .


Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
He showed signs of strain .


The assembly line was on a 12-hour run .
He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run .


Analyze a specimen .
Analyze a sentence .


We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater .
The label says this silk scarf should not be washed in the washing machine .


In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .
A vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going .


The hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side .
They painted all four sides of the house .


I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .
I think he is very smart .


A system generating hydrogen peroxide .
In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface .


The broadcast reached an audience of millions .
He requested an audience with the king .


The winning goal came with less than a minute left to play .
My lifelong goal is to get into a Hollywood movie .


The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .
The floor of the pelvis .


The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound .
The boxer picked himself up off the canvas .


He stuffed his mouth with candy .
He rode into the mouth of the canyon .


Paul made a cheerful laugh .
Paul laughed at Mary .


A gossip session .
Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .


Having people round for dinner was always quite an occasion at our house .
It was needed only on special occasions .


The breaks of my new car act quickly .
The dog acts ferocious , but he is really afraid of people .


He encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens .
These trees are widely planted because of their resistance to salt and smog .


He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage .
He tried to get a better view of it .


You should consult the dictionary .
They were content to consult libraries . - William Whewell .


Fall into a trap .
She fell ill .


Computers are now widely used in business .
He 's such a poor cook , I ca n't believe he 's still in business !


The image of f(x ) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers .
The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .


The change of government had no impact on the economy .
He inspected several changes before selecting one .


The student body .
They moved their arms and legs and bodies .


They sat down to talk business .
We talk French sometimes .


One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich .
He repaired to his cabin in the woods .


You drive nails into wood with a hammer .
Their debts finally drove them to sell the business .


The battle began with a cavalry charge .
The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving .


Origin in sensation .
Vegetable origins .


Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
Check the oil in your car once a month .


The pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck .
She applied the paint in careful strokes .


Follow God 's light .
Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .


I 'll hold you by your promise .
He 's held by a contract .


They run things by the book around here .
She opened the book to page 37 and began to read aloud .


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
Herman connected the computers together .


The company tried to project an altruistic image .
Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry .


God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .
There but for the grace of God go I .


Keep food for a week in the pantry .
She keeps a sixpack and a week 's worth of supplies in the refrigerator .


His faith was all the support he needed .
They developed a scheme of mutual support .


The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self .
The bare skeleton of a novel .


His back was nicely tanned .
He stood at the back of the stage .


Lift my spirits .
Lift his ego .


She did n't think to harm me .
I thought for three hours about the problem and still could n't find the solution .


Convert slaves to laborers .
Convert lead into gold .


Play games .
He plays on three teams .


The house was filled with company when I arrived .
Keep the house clean ; I have company coming .


A variant of the same word .
All breeds of dog are variants of the species “ Canis lupus familiaris ” .


The government 's weekly bite from my paycheck .
After just one night in the jungle I was covered with mosquito bites .


The oceans are teeming with life .
Social life .


To execute a difficult piece of music brilliantly .
The skater executed a triple pirouette .


After the power failure , we had to restore the database from backup .
He made a backup in case the original was accidentally damaged or erased .


Our shop was on the fourth story of the building , so we had to install an elevator .
The story of exposure to lead .


The girls were playing in the court .
The house was built around an inner court .


I used to play with trucks as a little girl .
The kids were playing outside all day .


His hearing was impaired .
My hearing is n't what it used to be , but I still heard that noise .


I mean no harm .
I meant to take the car in for a smog check , but it slipped my mind .


Does my policy cover accidental loss ?
Cover the meat with a lot of gravy .


She has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories .
His testimony was a concoction .


He prefers shoes of Italian derivation .
Music of Turkish derivation .


Can I charge this purchase ?
Charge a conductor .


How much furniture did they leave behind ?
There was only one piece of furniture in the room .


We will strike a medal in your honour .
Strike a medal .


Leave the room .
She wants to leave .


An example of a miracle associated with Muhammad is the splitting of the moon .
Many religious beliefs are based on miracles .


The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .
We do n't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers .


To press a crowd back .
This guy can press 300 pounds .


The song of bullets was in the air .
He bought it for a song .


His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .
A set of tools .


It was just smoke and mirrors .
He showed batters nothing but smoke .


He followed on foot .
The foot of the mountain .


To arouse anger .
To arouse compassion .


I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .
I can tolerate working on Saturdays , but not on Sundays .


An affinity for politics .
James 's affinity with Sam .


Leave it as is .
I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors .


The thermometer hit 100 degrees .
The movie hits theaters in December .


I vouch for the quality of my products .
He vouched his words by his deeds .


Pop the pizza into the microwave oven .
The man charged with murder popped a valium to calm his nerves .


Fall into a trap .
Fall in love .


The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .
They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded .


To carry well , i.e. to hold the head high , with arching neck .
He carried himself upright .


Pit plums and cherries .
One must pit a peach to make it ready for a pie .


She was humming an air from Beethoven .
An air of mystery .


Electrons orbit the nucleus .
The planets are orbiting the sun .


He seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life .
Her death came as a terrible shock .


Develop the rook .
The country developed into a mighty superpower .


The machinery is out of order .
IBM received an order for a hundred computers .


The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy .
Early morning classes are always sleepy .


He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
I do n't care .


The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .
You have n't got the heart for baseball .


Mow the grass .
He mowed the lawn .


Smear the wall with paint .
The opposition party attempted to smear the candidate by spreading incorrect and unverifiable rumors about their personal behavior .


Arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success .
She enjoyed her brief taste of independence .


Should I give you yet more homework , or would that be overkill ?
24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill .


City kids get to see the country at a summer camp .
The living room was pure camp .


A ranch hand .
Give him a hand .


I have to translate when my in - laws from Austria visit the U.S.
Braque translated collage into oil .


Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?
How much do you charge for lunch ?


It was written off as a loss .
Everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock .


Can cause shortness of breath .
There was no shortness of money .


This is my house and my family 's ancestral home .
She felt she had to get out of the house .


Earthquakes originate far below the surface .
Three quarters of the Earth 's surface is covered by water .


She could not help watching the sad spectacle .
This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries .


The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies .
It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled .


Shop til you drop .
A single shot was fired and the bird dropped from the sky .


The visibility from that angle was good .
Low visibility caused by fog .


It was a case of bad judgment .
For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .


I had a strange feeling in my leg .
She had a feeling of euphoria .


He was a great actor in his time .
He had a time holding back the tears .


A ship 's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind .
This horse draws well .


There should n't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write .
Can I have a dozen eggs , please ?


I did n't hold a good hand all evening .
Objections were voiced on every hand .


A student 's attendance is an important factor in her grade .
The class sat down so that the teacher could take attendance .


In Japan most fish is eaten raw .
After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat .


Grade A milk .
He got a good grade on the test .


The key to winning a game .
The key to development is economic integration .


A girl 's education was less important than a boy 's .
He received no formal education .


Our advertisements reach millions .
His hand reaches the river .


This computer will connect well to the network .
These computers connected well .


There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down .
We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories .


Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .


These pages do n't belong .
The uniform looks like it belonged to a museum collection .


This thing has got to end .
It is a remarkable thing .


Will the stock market crash again ?
The economy crashed .


This dish could use a touch of garlic .
At his touch the room filled with lights .


American industry is making increased use of computers to control production .
Frugality and industry are still regarded as virtues .


The reporter fiddle with the facts .
We found out that she had been fiddling for years .


To arouse jealousy .
To arouse compassion .


Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .
I always stretch my muscles before exercising .


He built the house on land leased from the city .
There 's no work on the land any more .


The accident was a good lesson to me .
He did the lesson for today .


She kept a firm hold on the railing .
Keep a firm hold on the handlebars .


The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it .
This storm is certainly a change for the worse .


It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church .
I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .


Raise a family .
Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?


I give you credit for owning up to your mistake .
Give her credit for trying .


She read the sky and predicted rain .
The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball .


He stood on the right .
The pharmacy is just on the right past the bookshop .


He has the one but will need a two and three to go with it .
They had lunch at one .


They were sitting by the water 's edge .
He asked for a drink of water .


Use your head !
He does n't know how to use a computer .


I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .
The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s .


Come into the room .
He came singing down the road .


We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal .
The play ran for 100 performances .


I shall be writing to you soon .
Ignorance is bliss .


Origin in sensation .
The rumor had its origin in idle gossip .


Follow the road .
Follow the trail .


The reason that war was declared .
There is reason to believe he is lying .


The cognitive operation of remembering .
That rule is no longer in operation .


I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
He was fighting to his last breath .


Cover the child with a blanket .
Cover the grave with flowers .


Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem .
He joined the defense against invasion .


To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
This pipe admits air .


We hope you never have to suffer the same pain .
Many saints suffered martyrdom .


Emotion caused a constriction of his throat .
He felt a constriction in her chest .


They set out on their return to the base camp .
The average return was about 5 % .


The cycle of the seasons , or of the year .
The never-ending cycle of the seasons .


Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .
The heat checked the paint .


She used a different color for the trim .
Each flavor of quarks comes in three colors .


I 'll meet you at the foot of the stairs .
The foot of the page .


They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .
Venice was an important center of trade with the East .


She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project .
Great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence .


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
This train is carrying nuclear waste .


The opening received good critical reviews .
John spends two hours a day studying openings , and another two hours studying endgames .


The bedrooms open into the hall .
He opened the meeting with a long speech .


He had become an institution in the theater .
The institution of slavery .


Screen a film .
Screen these samples .


Answer the door .
Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .


Pottery of this cast was found throughout the region .
The delicate cast of his features .


I 'll save you the trouble .
This move will save money .


It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church .
The victor 's grace in treating the vanquished .


I beat the traffic .
Beat the subway fare .


It brought out his better side .
He is on the purchasing side of the business .


Puddle iron .
Puddle young plants .


A racially integrated business concern .
Show me where the business was today .


He had a pain in his side .
Which side of the tray shall I put it on ?


We simply could not start the engine .
The rain started at 9:00 .


His back was nicely tanned .
They pinned a ` kick me ' sign on his back .


The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .
Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love "-- Albert Einstein .


I shall be writing to you soon .
There were two hundred people at his funeral .


This play is going to ruffle some people .
She has a way of ruffling feathers among her colleagues .


Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .
Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .


Do you communicate well with your advisor ?
He and his sons have n't communicated for years .


The dog barked all night .
The dogs were too hot to touch .


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
The water came to a boil .


Draw the shades .
The ship drew near the shore .


There are 50 acres of land in this estate .
The family owned a large estate on Long Island .


Sublime iodine .
Some salts sublime when heated .


He bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar .
The boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river .


They 're going to the Civil War battle reenactment this weekend .
The reenactment of the battle of Princeton .


Restore law and order .
He restored my lost faith in him by doing a good deed .


A body of law .
A body of doctrine .


He slammed the door as he left .
He knocked on the door .


They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .
They held a sale to reduce their inventory .


Drink was his downfall .
I asked for a hot drink .


Flatten your stomach with these exercises .
Flatten a road .


The crowded canvas of history .
The boxer picked himself up off the canvas .


You need to push quite hard to get this door open .
He pushed her to finish her doctorate .


With the lights out , she had to rely on touch to find her desk .
Only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us .


The south wall had a small window .
The walls were covered with pictures .


Refer a patient to a specialist .
Christians refer to the mother of Jesus as the Virgin Mary .


He believed all the Marxist dogma .
The unforgiving dogma of Stalinism is that what the party leader , however cruel and incompetent , decrees , however absurd , must be accepted as law .


This will save money .
This will save you a lot of time .


To seize a ship after libeling .
The terrorists seized the politicians .


Try the yak butter .
The judge tried both father and son in separate trials .


Edge the tablecloth with embroidery .
He edged towards the car .


We know this movie .
Adam knew Eve .


We were hit by really bad weather .
He hit a home run .


Her speech was barren of southernisms .
I detected a slight accent in his speech .


For your sake .
Died for the sake of his country .


Come into the room .
Come with me to the Casbah .


A life of luxury and ease .
He passed all the exams with ease .


I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?
She cuddled the infant before bedtime .


This time he succeeded .
Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !


A course of bricks .
On a building that size , two crews could only lay two courses in a day .


Soon the rain will stop .
The riots stopped when police moved in .


They make a cute couple .
Clothes make the man .


He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists .


Give him a hand .
The hired hand fixed the railing .


The lioness was a mother of four cubs .
The mother of three children .


A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon .
Now that we 're all in agreement , we can put that issue to rest .


Please inspect your father 's will carefully .
We inspected the area .


I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .
He begged her to go to the prom with him .


Is this enough to cover the check ?
This should cover everyone in the group .


This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains .
The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving .


A formation of planes .
The formation of sentences .


I can not think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women"- James Boswell .
The many hardships of frontier life .


Can you give me lessons ?
I gave her my money .


The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips .
There were many demands on his time .


Leach the soil .
The fertilizer leached into the ground .


The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag .
He went to the party dressed in drag .


Will the stock market crash again ?
The car crashed through the glass door .


To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .
Please stay the bloodshed !


The emission of heat from a fire .
The emission of light from the sun .


They served beer on draft .
His first drafts were better than most authors ' final products .


The two stories do n't agree in many details .
We agreed what to do .


The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .


I can breathe better when the air is clean .
Paul breathed a deep breath .


A member of the faculty .
Only members will be admitted .


The baby was a boy .
The boys were playing kickball in the mud .


Crush an aluminum can .
She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation .


Messages must go through diplomatic channels .
She went through a lot of trouble .


He ran to safety .
Be sure that the safety is set before proceeding .


Introduce exotic fruits .
Introduce legislation .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
She fell to pieces after she lost her work .


No thanks , I do n't drink .
We were up drinking all night .


A ball of fire .
A ball of wool .


The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy .
That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology .


He will hold office until the spring of next year .
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring .


Pass along the good news .
She passed the new Jersey Bar Exam and can practice law now .


The rules forbid smoking .
The rules forbid our smoking .


He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself .
She played the part of Desdemona .


Rake gravel .
The gunfire raked the coast .


The soul of honor .
Soul was politically significant during the Civil Rights movement .


You 'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies .
The new line of cars will soon be on sale .


There was a note of gaiety in her manner .
His notes were appended at the end of the article .


Will you pay cash or charge the purchase ?
Charge all weapons , shields , and banners .


Render the brick walls in the den .
Render thanks .


I mean no harm .
` maison ' means ` house ' in French .


Would you like some tea ?
Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?


Throw a javelin .
She threw herself forwards .


The floor of the pelvis .
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .


They divorced after the birth of the child .
His election signaled the birth of a new age .


Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?
The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train .


That 's our finest cut of meat .
His cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels .


Dress the patient .
Can the child dress by herself ?


We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .
The houseguests had to camp in the living room .


The noisy voice of the waterfall .
The incessant voices of the artillery .


Unremitting pursuit of wealth does n't bring happiness , particularly if successful .
The culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit .


Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
Is your husband working again ?


Raise the price of bread .
Raise my salary .


Restore law and order .
Restore the stolen painting to its rightful owner .


A drop of each sample was analyzed .
There is not a drop of pity in that man .


Had a streak of bad luck .
I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments .


They found the body in the lake .
Heavenly body .


It was stuff I had heard before .
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor ?


He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president .
He asked to see the executive who handled his account .


We hit Detroit by noon .
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts .


Here we enter the region of opinion .
The farming regions of France .


He prepared his presentation carefully in advance .
Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations .


You have to be a good observer to see all the details .
I saw him laughing .


Files with a red tab will be stored separately .
Pull the tab to open the can .


Your wish will come true .
Winter comes after autumn .


Pay a debt .
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .


He was on the heavy side .
He is on the purchasing side of the business .


The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .
He is doing time in the county jail .


$ 50 wo n't even purchase a dress .
To purchase land , to purchase a house .


A flexor , which bends a part , is the antagonist of an extensor , which extends it .
When bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist .


World fair .
Trade fair .


Reseat Carnegie Hall .
We should reseat this cinema-the old seats are worn .


Approach a task .
I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters .


The baby of the family .
The baby of the Supreme Court .


They climbed the north face of the mountain .
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .


I do n't like the look of the new design .
She got her mother 's looks .


They had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation .
The body has a system of organs for digestion .


I am a British subject .
A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject .


There is no better time than now .
Now is a good time to do it .


He held me up at the point of a gun .
Get to the point .


Come this way and I 'll show you a shortcut .
Do you know the way to the airport ?


The children were playing house .
He has a house on Cape Cod .


Turn your dance partner around .
Turn the car around .


I 'll store these books in the attic .
Store grain for the winter .


Within the compass of an encircling wall .
Within the compass of education .


He was suffering from museum fatigue .
The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .


The sale will run for ten days .
The contract runs through 2008 .


Too much rain may blight the garden with mold .
This vine never blights .


I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .
He peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes .


Cover her face with a handkerchief .
The female covers the eggs .


Nicklaus had a run of birdies .
The Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th .


He performed in drag .
He went to the party dressed in drag .


A good shot requires good balance and tempo .
He left me an almost impossible shot .


Irritate the glands of a leaf .
It irritates me that she never closes the door after she leaves .


The company operated at a loss last year .
A serious loss of business .


He was a great actor in his time .
Time stops for nobody .


We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .
The ship struck a reef .


The store shelves held many different kinds of tea .
Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea , please ?


When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist .
Acetylcholine is an agonist at the a cholinergic receptor .


Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .


Such images define their sense of nationality .
Immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out .


I shall be writing to you soon .
I am 75 kilograms .


Mark homework .
This sign marks the border .


I 'll post the news on the bulletin board .
Post a sentinel in front of the door .


An interesting idea hit her .
He hit a home run .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
The centimetre is a unit of length .


The match ended in their first loss of the season .
The company operated at a loss last year .


The teacher paused in her lecture to allow the students to assimilate what she had said .
This country assimilates immigrants very quickly .


The bite of satire .
I 'll have a quick bite to quiet my stomach until dinner .


There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water .
His reaction to the news was to start planning what to do .


The telephone company finally put in lines to connect the towns in this area .
Did you finally connect with your long-lost cousin ?


He has a lot of interest in vintage cars .
The iron interests stepped up production .


I did n't mean to knock your tooth out .
I only meant to help you .


Fall into a strange way of thinking .
She fell ill .


He asked the waiter for the check .
The tablecloth had red and white checks .


This move will save money .
Where did I save that document ? I ca n't find it on the desktop .


Strike an arc .
The bullet struck her thigh .


A bedside stand .
The army made a final stand at the Rhone .


She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot .
Spread cheese on a piece of bread .


They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve .
The airplane trimmed .


Spread information .
The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country .


Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?
The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead .


She was opening her post .
Is there any post for me ?


There was a small opening between the trees .
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks .


Do you want to come over to my place later ?
He lost his place on the page .


Gold field .
He longed for the fields of his youth .


Jade refused to go swimming with her brother until he helped her find her favorite swimsuit .
Put on your swimsuit and let 's go for a swim .


This wood has the ability to fight off insects , fungus , and mold for a considerable time .
This phone has the ability to have its software upgraded wirelessly .


Pack the books into the boxes .
To pack goods in a box .


There is an example on page 10 .
This patient provides a typical example of the syndrome .


The trunk was full of stuff .
He did n't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands .


They began to fight like fun .
She asked for money and then the fun began .


Spread information .
Spread your arms .


His display of foulness deserved severe punishment .
He understood the foulness of sin .


To snap a fastener .
Snap your fingers .


He got out of line .
Toe the line .


Muslims fast during Ramadan .
Catholics sometimes fast during Lent .


We rotate the lead soprano every night .
We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil .


He applied to the state for support .
They developed a scheme of mutual support .


He managed to wash out the stains .
The car is so dirty , we need to wash it .


I spent my spring holidays in Morocco .
You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .


Stretch the fabric .
I always stretch my muscles before exercising .


Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt .
A serious loss of business .


He was famous for his facility as an archer .
A cell phone with internet facility .


I still owe for the car .
She owes me $ 200 .


The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
He was immobilized by conflict and indecision .


Cover her face with a handkerchief .
The period covered the turn of the century .


When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .
He called four times .


I ca n't use this tool .
Use the plastic bags to store the food .


Pad the seat of the chair .
Pad a bra .


He just did it for effect .
The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .


The population of New Jersey will not stand for this !
The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing .


The pull of the moon .
The pull of the current .


To line the shelves .
Line one 's pockets .


He gave a final set to his hat .
The set of prime numbers is infinite .


The foot of the list .
He stood at the foot of the tower .


To fall off a point .
He checked the point on his compass .


After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat .
They have a chef who specializes in fish .


I tried to make a call , but the line was dead .
A dedicated line .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
Units of nucleic acids .


She made a funny .
She told a funny story .


A force out was recorded on the scorecard .
Force equals mass times acceleration .


I have little disposition now to do as you say .
Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .


The wee small voice of conscience .
He said his voices told him to do it .


I carry her image in my mind 's eye .
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .


Pay a visit .
He paid off the loan three months early .


How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?
She classified the articles into different genres .


The cooling touch of the night air .
There was a touch of sarcasm in his tone .


We are in accord with your proposal .
The accord of light and shade in painting .


He lost all feeling in his arm .
He had terrible feelings of guilt .


Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower ?
Today there will be frequent showers and some sunny spells .


He will make a fine father .
He makes a great host .


She wants to leave .
His good luck finally left him .


He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy .
And in softness almost beyond hearing .


No thanks , I do n't drink .
You 've been drinking , have n't you ?


He had a time holding back the tears .
They had a good time together .


Drive a car or bus .
My new truck drives well .


The solution took three hours .
They were trying to find a peaceful solution .


I read this address as a satire .
I can read his feelings in his face .


We were hit by really bad weather .
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .


Develop the rook .
Report the news as it develops .


Raise a sad cry .
Raise a protest .


He was on the heavy side .
Look on the bright side .


Dress the patient .
Dress the plants in the garden .


He opened the window a crack .
I 'd like to take a crack at that game .


The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
Those clouds show signs of raining soon .


The wall had a smooth texture .
The beans had a grainy , gritty texture in her mouth .


He had a number of chores to do .
It was one of the best numbers he ever did .


A filming session .
Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .


Come out of the closet !
He came from France .


The mercury was falling rapidly .
The mercury there has averaged 37.6C , 2.3C above the February norm .


At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .
They shot 20 head of quail .


She did n't touch her food all night .
Are you all right ? You 've hardly touched your lunch .


Ditch a plane .
Ditch a lover .


I think she is pretty , contrary to most people .
I think that he is her boyfriend .


He lived on a worldly plane .
We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane .


The village fool threw his own shoes down the well .
You were a fool to cross that busy road without looking .


This computer will connect well to the network .
Our computers connected together .


There 's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes .
He was a rotund , jolly man with a twinkle in his eye .


Do you want to come over to my place later ?
Your place or mine ?


He does not even possess a working telephone .
What possessed you to buy this house ?


She does n't know this composer .
I know him under a different name .


A sense of danger .
A sense of happiness .


I keep my specimens under glass to protect them .
Keep smiling .


The cardinal number " three " can be represented as " 3 " or " three " .
The smallest cardinal numbers are 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 .


The people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization .
He is remembered for his generosity and civilization .


The ship went aground in the channel .
The English Channel lies between France and England .


Drill a hole into the wall .
Do n't drill here , there 's a gas pipe .


Do you have a light ?
The light of my life .


Government and business could not agree .
Computers are now widely used in business .


The tires showed uneven wear .
She bought it for everyday wear .


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
Amanda carried the package to New York from home .


Who 's got dibs on the chips ?
I have dibs on that last slice of pizza .


Recuperate one 's losses .
The patient is recuperating .


The film is set in Africa .
Set up an experiment .


Summerize a house .
Summerize your car .


Can you count the books on your shelf ?
There are three apples ; count them .


Wear one 's hair in a certain way .
She wore a smile all day .


What was the date of submission of your proposal ?
His submission to the will of God .


I am reading a good book on economics .
They got a subpoena to examine our books .


A flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to .
Red flashes adorned the airplane .


I can read his feelings in his face .
She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
Our computers connected together .


He had a pass for three days .
It was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass .


The voice of experience .
He said his voices told him to do it .


Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness .
He was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince , arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him .


He performed in drag .
The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag .


When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .
The caravan covered almost 100 miles each day .


The trapped miners found a pocket of air .
They dipped into the taxpayers ' pockets .


Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing .
The book of Isaiah .


Get a life .
Social life .


The therapist noticed that the patient 's knees tended to lock in this exercise .
The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend .


Drop a lawsuit .
They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock .


He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time .
Being a child is all fun and games .


The houseguests had to camp in the living room .
Can we go camping again this summer ?


The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed .
They were arrayed in line of battle .


He has a sinister smile .
She had a smile on her face .


The trend of the stock market .
The trend of a coastline .


A drain on resources .
A drain of young talent by emigration .


The police monitor the suspect 's moves .
We are monitoring the air quality .


The minister does n't see anybody before noon .
The doctor will see you now .


Air out the smoke-filled rooms .
Air the old winter clothes .


Take time to smell the roses .
I did n't have time to finish .


He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub .
He threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him .


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
These computers connected well together .


Break a lucky streak .
Break the cycle of poverty .


My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today .
The wardroom mess .


Rub oil into her skin .
I rubbed my hands together for warmth .


When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show .
The market was up at the finish .


Implement a procedure .
He implemented a new economic plan .


It was a case of bad judgment .
A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor .


He could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed .
His face was flushed with excitement and his hands trembled .


Common sense is not so common .
Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .


I have known him all his life .
She 's my love , my life .


He 's in the plumbing game .
The game is 6 all .


The union of opposing factions .
The Soviet Union .


Build up confidence .
The contractor builds houses for $ 100 .


This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .
Our exertions ensured us a good outcome .


Haul nets .
Haul stones .


Open a window and let in some air .
I need some fresh air .


Port a rifle .
Port arms !


She has two bachelor 's degrees and is studying towards a master 's degree .
90 degrees Fahrenheit is equivalent to 32.2 degrees Celsius .


One swallow does not a summer make .
This makes the third infraction .


He ordered a second round .
They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes .


The hum of distant traffic .
They could hear a hum coming from the kitchen , and found the dishwasher on .


When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .
The car 's finish was so shiny and new .


Simply an identity element if both are true .
It was too dark to determine his identity .


A good review by this critic will make your play !
She married into wealth and so has it made .


His people have been farmers for generations .
Are your people still alive ?


He called each flip of the coin a new trial .
In the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately .


The statue stood on a marble support .
The government provides support to the arts in several ways .


The policy so far is all stick and no carrot .
The recipe calls for half a stick of butter .


We live in a litigious age .
The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age .


200 head of cattle .
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep .


Gossip is a malicious poison .
The poison of fascism .


Did n't know the way home .
It 's a long way to Moscow .


Under his proud survey the city lies . -Sir John Denham .
His survey of the battlefield was limited .


She did n't leave until midnight .
The president 's remarks left us speechless .


An obituary notice .
You did n't give me enough notice .


I will work hard to improve my grades .
They worked on the task .


Control the budget .
Control an account .


A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .
The chain of command .


It 's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven .
Common sense is not so common .


They are having a clearance sale : 50 % off .
I got some great bargains at their annual sale .


Stop being a baby !
Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !


The beer had a large head of foam .
Pour me a fresh beer ; this one has no head .


Pull a bank robbery .
The car pulls to the right .


We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .
Shift the emphasis .


He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run .
I 'm having a run of bad luck .


Negotiations ran into a brick wall .
The walls of the cylinder were perforated .


Her features had a delicate cast to them .
The delicate cast of his features .


We stayed in Hawaii for a week .
The judge stayed the execution order .


A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered .


He watched the house burn .
The sun burned his face .


Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .


I will run the sample .
Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .


Do n't bother bringing equipment , as we will provide it .
This procedure provides for lots of leeway .


The base of the triangle .
The attack wiped out our forward bases .


It should arrive any day now .
Those were the days .


Do n't trust my ex - wife .
I trust you will behave better from now on .


Pay up , please !
She offered to pay the bill .


While there 's life there 's hope .
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .


Raise a family .
To raise somebody to office .


He walked to the front of the stage .
He led the national liberation front .


Drive the forest .
We drove the car to the garage .


There were allegations of the withholding of evidence .
I resented his withholding permission .


I got some great bargains at their annual sale .
They held a sale to reduce their inventory .


The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text .
There are six lines in every stanza .


She wants to act Lady Macbeth , but she is too young for the role .
He acted the idiot .


Assemble your colleagues .
The parents assembled in the school hall .


The plane was given clearance to land .
He got clearance to travel to America , even though he had previous links to terrorists .


The child won everyone 's heart .
He stood still , his heart thumping wildly .


Channelize a stream .
Channelize the country for better transportation .


They polled their membership .
He has memberships in clubs in three cities .


We had a wonderful time at the party .
He had a time holding back the tears .


I ca n't use this tool .
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .


Do school counselors subvert young children ?
We must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis .


Her cancer was in remission .
His cancer is in remission .


Treat an oil spill .
Treat the lawn with chemicals .


To move in a matter .
The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell .


Take sick .
Be taken drunk .


It brought the scandal to light .
He could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark .


The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting .
There was a question of which material to use .


Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress .
This question really stuck me .


I try to avoid the company of gamblers .
We avoided the area .


Offer resistance .
He offered his sympathy .


The table was covered with a film of dust .
The film was shot on location .


Extend the casserole with a little rice .
Extend the TV antenna .


They improve their product every year .
The product of 2 and 3 is 6 .


The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish .
Booze will be the finish of him .


The thread would n't go through the eye .
They were in the eye of the storm .


Play games .
We played hockey all afternoon .


This play will either make or break the playwright .
His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage .


Develop a passion for painting .
Develop the rook .


To snap a whip .
Bullets snapped past us .


Cut a movie scene .
Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt !


Take vengeance .
Take steps .


Did you catch the thief ?
He caught her staring out the window .


Open to attack by the elements .
The film was sensitive to attack by acids .


Float a ship .
The government floated the ruble for a few months .


The role of women has changed significantly in the last century .
What is your role on the team ?


Shuffle the cards .
I shuffled my feet in embarrassment .


It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving .
It is their practice to give annual raises .


Listening to the tap next door drip all night drove me mad !
Water is dripping from the faucet .


I 'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me .
God 's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners .


Soon the rain will stop .
The car stopped .


He stared as she buttoned her top .
I bought this top as it matches my jeans .


When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .
Cover the child with a blanket .


A piano has a greater range than the human voice .
He answered a range of questions .


* That would fall under the rubric of things we can ignore for now .
It is usually discussed under the rubric of ` functional obesity ' .


But there is always the famous example of the Smiths .
I profited from his example .


Prepare a speech .
The prince was prepared to become King one day .


He is a lawyer with a sports background .
The lawyer had a background in computer science .


The king will visit the duke 's court .
Pay court to the emperor .


Every number has a unique position in the sequence .
The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.


See you another time .
When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .


These terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey .
The Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness .


In the interest of safety .
In the common interest .


They had sex in the back seat .
We had sex in the back seat .


I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face .
We could see the lorry in the mirror , so decided to change lanes .


He is remembered for his generosity and civilization .
Early Mayan civilization .


Dig salt .
Dig coal .


Arouse pity .
To arouse compassion .


Lack of clarity on the part of the teacher will cause confusion among the students .
She dreamed , with great clarity , that she had been seen her own death .


I arranged a date with my Australian business partners .
She asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date .


Can you count the books on your shelf ?
I can count my colleagues in the opposition .


Respect my authority !
He has the authority to issue warrants .


Do you know my sister ?
She does n't know this composer .


They proposed a new direction for the firm .
He checked the direction and velocity of the wind .


The voice of the law .
Conservatism has many voices .


Exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner .
A good stomach for roast beef .


To start a business .
Start a new job .


Settling a score .
The player with the highest score is the winner .


The house had a neglected air .
As he waited he could feel the air on his neck .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
Herman connected the computers together .


Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks .
She beat some tough competition for the number one slot .


The child was a charge of the nanny .
The teacher led her charges across the street .


Pop the clutch .
The soldiers were popping .


Block an attack .
Block the book cover .


The gift of language .
He taught foreign languages .


I regret I ca n't come to the party .
I regret that I have to do this , but I do n't have a choice .


Negotiations ran into a brick wall .
A wall of prejudice .


Block a nerve .
You are blocking the name of your first wife !


Make a move .
Make advances .


The move into my fiancé 's house took two long days .
They say that three moves equal one fire .


Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .
He built a modest dwelling near the pond .


The set of rational numbers , \mathbbQ , is the prototypical field .
Field of view .


A poor excuse for an automobile .
He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him .


Tell me what is bothering you .
Ellen told Helen how to avoid the crowd .


Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .


Do you remember that he once loved you ?
I ca n't remember saying any such thing .


Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end .
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .


Stop a car .
Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other .


A sunburnt complexion .
A liberal political complexion .


I was on a winning streak until the fourth game , where I was dealt terrible cards .
Had a streak of bad luck .


He could not touch the meaning of the poem .
She never touched her husband .


In the deep of winter .
In the deep of night .


Spoke a good word in his friend 's behalf .
In your behalf .


I wish I could undo my actions .
Fortunately , we can undo most of the damage to the system by the war .


The chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction .
He enjoyed the dish with great satisfaction . He 'll order it again the next time he arrives .


Jones came in third .
He answered the first question willingly , the second reluctantly , and the third with resentment .


Keep appointments .
She never keeps her promises .


The planes do n't connect and you will have to wait for four hours .
Operator , could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore ?


The statue stood on a marble support .
He leaned against the wall for support .


A round of pleasures .
The story is going the rounds in Washington .


Place a phone call .
He bet $ 2 on number six to place .


Make advances .
Make a phone call .


He 's a master of the business deal .
We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight .


Has a large repertory of dialects and characters .
The repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism .


Their love left them indifferent to their surroundings .
He had n't had any love in months .


Can you give me lessons ?
When they asked , I gave my coat .


Refine pig iron .
Refine oil .


Jogging works off my excess energy .
Europeans often laugh at American energy .


The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .
He built a modest dwelling near the pond .


The foot of the list .
Curled up on the foot of the bed .


Do n't fight it !
He fought for breath .


He was elected to a seat in the Senate .
He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .


The cup of her bra .
Bees filled the waxen cups with honey .


The outcome justified the search .
A thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing .


You have to be a good observer to see all the details .
He is blind -- he can not see .


The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel 's food cake .
Whisk the eggs .


They measured the station 's signal strength .
He had the strength of ten men .


It brought out his better side .
Look on the bright side .


Their quarterback was a good scrambler .
Scramblers can often unnerve a better tennis player .


She never lost control of herself .
He had lost control of his sphincters .


Poison the atmosphere in the office .
Poison someone 's mind .


Civilization presupposes respect for the law .
By law , one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City .


Cover the grave with flowers .
The insurance wo n't cover this .


Increased expenses put a squeeze on profits .
Getting through that small opening was a tight squeeze .


Engineers had to scrub the satellite launch due to bad weather .
We had to scrub our vacation plans .


One of the planet 's moons has a slower spin than the others .
He took the new car for a spin .


The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation .
Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .


Blend the nuts and raisins together .
He blends in with the crowd .


Mount a theater production .
Mount a play .


It 's quite an art .
The art of conversation .


Detach a regiment .
His retina detached and he had to be rushed into surgery .


He wanted to live his own life without interference from others .
She 's my love , my life .


I made the students feel different about themselves .
You make me feel naked .


Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me ?
I had to break a $ 100 bill just to buy the candy .


Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today .
An explosion of a low order of magnitude .


No one wanted to play end .
They rode to the end of the line .


He works on commission .
A reseller 's commission .


We 're planning to camp in the field until Sunday .
Can we go camping again this summer ?


Strike fire from the flintstone .
Strike a match .


The reticulation of a leaf .
The reticulation of a photographic emulsion .


We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
He does n't know how to use a computer .


The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947 .
He was a charter member of the movement .


His novels always have a lot of action .
The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues .


A ball of mud caught him on the shoulder .
The children were playing ball in the garden .


The hollow of the hand or of a tree .
He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Rockies .


He uttered harsh language .
Sign language .


A slight move of the tiller , and the boat will go off course .
His move put him directly in my path .


It should arrive any day now .
These days it is not unusual .


Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat .


The ringing of the telephone .
The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells "-- E. A. Poe .


He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .
I received several calls today .


She refused to give them her Social Security number .
She preferred the black nylon number .


I could hear the breath of the runner behind me .
The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .


They were beaten by a more aggressive team .
Beat the egg whites .


We had the chance to meet the president last week .
Now is your chance .


It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers .
It is their practice to give annual raises .


To allow a servant his liberty .
Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison .


They joined the wagon train for safety .
The bride 's train was carried by her two young nephews .


There 's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow .
The leaves were blowing in the wind .


A deal of trouble .
He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals .


His support made a real difference .
The difference in her is amazing .


The connection between overeating and obesity .
My headache has no connection with me going out last night .


The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz .
He blocked the basketball player 's shot .


When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
John feared his mother 's reaction when she saw the broken lamp .


I do n't know how to break this to you , but your cat is not coming back .
When news of their divorce broke , ...


A municipal office .
He rented an office in the new building .


` Now push hard , ' said the doctor to the woman .
He pushed her to finish her doctorate .


John 's attendance for the conventions was not good .
Attendance was up by 50 per cent .


Open a window and let in some air .
Air pollution .


A serious loss of business .
Weight loss .


Fish with a delicate flavor and texture .
Breadfruit has the same texture as bread .


The coast is clear .
The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope .


To arouse anger .
To arouse jealousy .


It can be tricky to land a helicopter .
This may land you in jail .


She did n't leave until midnight .
The ship leaves at midnight .


This is a product of lime and nitric acid .
Skill is the product of hours of practice .


He gave up on life .
Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .


The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed .
His weakness increased as he became older .


He came to a bad end .
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end .


The fire-light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room .
The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty .


Smother a yawn .
The butter cream smothered the cake .


We could always call on a friend .
He called me a bastard .


It is vital that he not know .
I want to know who is winning the game !


Bad luck caused his downfall .
Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday — he got pick - pocketed and lost fifty dollars .


Traffic on the internet is lightest during the night .
Heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines .


A sense of self .
A sense of danger .


They stopped at an open space in the jungle .
The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether .


First you have to cut off the water .
The boat was found in within the territorial waters .


On weekends I play .
She played all her money on the dark horse .


The hurricane demolished houses in its path .
Genius usually follows a revolutionary path .


The rifle had been fitted with a special stock .
She made gravy with a base of beef stock .


This man ca n't fit himself into our work environment .
The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .


Drive the forest .
We drove to the university every morning .


They were soon out of view .
Consider what follows from the positivist view .


Run a new program on the Mac .
Run the dishwasher .


The body of the car was badly rusted .
Wool has more body than rayon .


Put the batteries in the charger overnight so we can use them tomorrow .
The knight rode a white charger .


I know him under a different name .
This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily .


The grip of a sword .
It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .


I lost my locket in this patch of grass here .
Does n't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny ?


I want to know who is winning the game !
I know it 's time .


She had heard her fill of gossip .
He ate his fill of potatoes .


The formation of sentences .
A defensive formation .


The foot of the mountain .
The foot of the page .


They sailed south around the point .
She scored three points .


The machinery is out of order .
Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales .


To purchase land , to purchase a house .
The family purchased a new car .


The match ended in their first loss of the season .
His loss of credibility led to his resignation .


Cut trenches .
Cut a hole .


Drift the cattle herds westwards .
The laborers drift from one town to the next .


The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves .
Launch window .


Shelve books .
The library needs volunteers to help shelve books .


This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us .
The circumstances ensured that he would arrive in time .


No one wanted to play end .
The end of the pier .


The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .
While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .


Set fire to a building .
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight .


The cognitive operation of remembering .
A multinational operation .


Approach a new project .
Approach a task .


Clear the leaves from the lawn .
The balloon cleared the tree tops .


People wanted to stone the woman who had a child out of wedlock .
She got stoned to death after they found her .


This ticket will admit one adult to the show .
This pipe admits air .


That mountain is solid rock .
He threw a rock at me .


Run a new program on the Mac .
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice .


A bark feeder .
A mud feeder .


Float a ship .
The boat floated on the water .


One end of the box was marked ` This side up ' .
We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus .


200 head of cattle .
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .


There was widespread danger of disease .
You are in no danger .


Drop him from the Republican ticket .
Stock prices dropped .


When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction .
You were in the courtroom . What is your reaction ?


He came to a bad end .
No one wanted to play end .


A grain of sand .
Saw the board across the grain .


He left me an almost impossible shot .
He is a crack shot .


A long and happy marriage .
Their marriage was conducted in the chapel .


Strike a bargain .
The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939 .


The only girl who would have him was the miller 's daughter .
We had a hard year last year , with the locust swarms and all that .


I shall be writing to you soon .
There was a lot of noise in the kitchen .


Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm .
The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .


He stuck the point of the knife into a tree .
He knows my bad points as well as my good points .


The workers spell every four hours .
To spell the helmsman .


I work at night and sleep during the day .
The dawn turned night into day .


Develop the rook .
Well - developed breasts .


The war against crime .
The war on poverty .


Come out of the closet !
He came through the door .


The president no longer has the support of his own party .
They developed a scheme of mutual support .


He has a very complicated love life .
He had n't had any love in months .


I hope to become one of their number before I die .
The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers : 1 , 0 , \pi , i , and e.


Cover the grave with flowers .
Cover her face with a handkerchief .


His threat to kill me was quite explicit .
Earthquakes are a constant threat in Japan .


Please sweep the floor .
They were swept up by the events .


His parting shot was ` drop dead ' .
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin .


The wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead .
The song of bullets was in the air .


A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .


Come down here !
He came through the door .


Hardly enough elbow room to turn around .
There was n't that much elbow room in the aircraft .


A remarkable degree of frankness .
There are 360 degrees in a circle .


I hope to become one of their number before I die .
This sweater is an all-wool number .


Retrograde arguments .
Retrograding planets .


The flock of birds took to the air .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


Plug the hole .
He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk .


I think that he is her boyfriend .
I think he is very smart .


To crack a whip .
Crack a safe .


Let 's get a quotation for repairing the roof before we decide whether it 's worth doing .
Since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation .


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
Our computers connected together .


He will hold office until the spring of next year .
You can visit me in the spring , when the weather is bearable .


Block an attack .
He blocked the basketball player 's shot .


Think thin .
Idly , the detective thought what his next move should be .


Her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting .
He took a shower after the game .


He failed to get the Black vote .
American women got the vote in 1920 .


The flock of birds took to the air .
Open a window and let in some air .


The world 's foremost authority on orangutans .
Tennessee Valley Authority .


The drums beat all night .
Beat the table with his shoe .


Make water into wine .
Make lead into gold .


Leave it as is .
Leave the young fawn alone .


We visited a farm where they raise chickens .
Chew with your mouth shut — were you raised in a barn ?


How much do you make a month in your new job ?
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night .


The French doors admit onto the yard .
A ticket admits one into a playhouse .


Life has lost its point .
What is the point of discussing it ?


Pull the trigger of the gun .
Pull the handle towards you .


If you 're going to beat your competitors , you need to focus .
We focused on reading the book .


To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
She admitted us .


The improbability of such rare coincidences .
Impossibility should never be confused with improbability .


The acquisition of one company by another .
The acquisition of wealth .


Measures for the control of disease .
The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw .


To snap a fastener .
The lock snapped shut .


He lived at a fast pace .
Even at the duel , standing 10 paces apart , he could have satisfied Aaron 's honor .


Gather the close family members .
Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting .


He never worked because he inherited a lot of money .
My wife never worked .


Armored from head to foot .
His bare feet projected from his trousers .


The pictures were at the same level .
Park the car on the level .


In return we gave them as good as we got .
His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return .


One swallow does not a summer make .
Clothes make the man .


The battery had a short life .
Having experienced both , the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life .


Let 's not quibble over pennies .
They are constantly quibbling over insignificant details .


At what time does your train leave ?
The ship leaves at midnight .


How much do you make a month in your new job ?
You have to spend money to make money !


Could you develop the ideas in your thesis .
The patient developed abdominal pains .


A wave of settlers .
Troops advancing in waves .


Break down a proof .
Break an alibi .


Ply your wits !
He plied his trade as carpenter for forty-three years .


We drive the turnpike to work .
Drive the forest .


He 's in the nick .
He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged .


Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach .
Sea bed .


Drive the forest .
She drove me to school every day .


Today 's panel includes John Smith .
He checked the instrument panel .


She knotted the end of the thread .
They rode to the end of the line .


A training session .
Are we having a recording session ? " Yes . We 've even got some session musicians to provide some brass . " .


The war on poverty .
The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .


The reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture .
The developing drug culture .


My jacket needs a wash .
I 'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed .


The taproot of his resentment .
Genius and insanity spring from the same taproot .


Could you develop the ideas in your thesis .
Spassky developed quickly .


What will you give her for her birthday ?
I 'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday .


It was just smoke and mirrors .
His dreams all turned to smoke .


A component or constituent element of a system .
Spare components for cars .


A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis .
December 31 is the deadline for applications .


Inhibit the action of the enzyme .
Inhibit the rate of a chemical reaction .


Catch one 's breath .
I caught some Z 's on the train .


I have two sisters .
How many cars does she have ?


The order of Saint Benedict .
An explosion of a low order of magnitude .


This product of last month 's quality standards committee is quite good , even though the process was flawed .
The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls .


I would not call her beautiful .
Take two aspirin and call me in the morning .


He slipped through an opening in the crowd .
There was a small opening between the trees .


Let me just orient myself and we can be on our way .
We had to orient ourselves in the forest .


Driver , noun : one who drives .
This is the one I ordered .


I start my day with a good breakfast .
The blood shed started when the partisans launched a surprise attack .


The complex machinery of negotiation .
The machinery of command labored and brought forth an order .


The lawyer questioned the truth of my account .
Truth to one 's own feelings is all-important in life .


We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
She uses her influential friends to get jobs .


Her former friends now avoid her .
He avoided going to the area .


The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .
The thermometer hit 100 degrees .


Strike coins .
The thought struck terror in our minds .


People are dying of starvation all over the world .
All the world loves a lover .


I understand what she means .
I understand wanting more .


Events now in process .
The process of thinking .


Can you see the bird in that tree ?
I saw him laughing .


He was here for a little while .
He lectured for quite a long while .


To apply for the position , complete the application form .
He filled out his tax form .


Start from the bottom and work towards the top .
She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived .


The dirty side will show .
His good upbringing really shows .


This table would serve very well .
He had served in financial planning positions .


Potatoes bake to a crisp .
Bake the potatoes .


How fast does your new car go ?
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect .


This table would serve very well .
His freedom served him well .


He hit a home run .
He hit .300 in the past season .


Par for this course is 72 .
On a par with the best .


Can you help me carry this table ?
Everyone helped out during the earthquake .


To make like a deer caught in the headlights .
Make merry .


He walked to school every morning .
A school of small glittering fish swam by .


He rode into the mouth of the canyon .
They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .


Saw the board across the grain .
A grain of salt .


Develop a passion for painting .
Please develop this roll of film .


He took his leave .
The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and , if leave be granted , to appeal against these sentences .


Remember me in your prayers .
He remembered her in his will .


Clear the water before it can be drunk .
Clear the patrons from the theater after the bomb threat .


Hold your temper .
Hold your tongue .


When the pot comes to a boil , cover it and reduce the heat to medium .
Cover the meat with a lot of gravy .


This building used to be a church before being converted into a library .
There is a lovely little church in the valley .


There is an officer 's club on the post .
This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby .


I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .
A stretch of highway .


I understand how to do it .
I understand what she means .


A solid border around a table of figures .
There 's a nice frilly border around the picture frame .


Why did I ever believe you ?
She believes in spirits .


Leave the young fawn alone .
Unfortunately , this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue .


It contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement .
He ate a third of the pie .


It worked up to right now .
Now is the right time .


Show me where the business was today .
They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .


Round off the amount .
The total is $ 25,715 but to keep the figures simple , I 'll round it down to $ 25,000 .


I need to go water the cattle .
We watered the buffalo .


I mean no harm .
The sky is red this morning — does that mean we 're in for a storm ?


An executive or judical office .
He rented an office in the new building .


Do n't bolt your food !
Seeing the snake , the horse bolted .


A body of law .
They found the body in the lake .


Process a loan .
Process the applicants .


When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .
The boat had a metallic finish .


It was replaced because of its age .
We 've known each other for ages .


I like jogging .
She likes to read Russian novels .


Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry .
The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x ) = 2*x .


We know this movie .
Do you know my sister ?


Skill is the product of hours of practice .
Skill is the product of hours of practice .


Time stops for nobody .
He called four times .


The two streets connect to become a highway .
Our computers connected together .


To draw a memorial , a deed , or bill of exchange .
The deed was drawn in the lawyer 's office .


Change per unit volume .
He was a member of a special police unit .


To lay a tax on land .
This hen does n't lay .


Every dog has his day .
My day began early this morning .


Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday .
With a shout and a song they marched up to the gates .


Ceramic can be used to insulate power lines .
We had his bedroom insulated before winter came .


Potato peeler .
She invented a potato peeler .


Roll a cigarette .
They rolled from town to town .


The forces of reaction carried the election .
In this reaction , the acid and base will neutralize each other , producing a salt .


I 'll offset the time difference locally .
Offset deposits and withdrawals .


A ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor .
He disposed of it without ceremony .


Give your home a facelift .
More than a facelift , the new model marks a fundamental change of direction .


Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw .
He could n't afford $ 50 a throw .


Shift the date for our class reunion .
She shifted slightly in her seat .


The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person , one vote .
There were only 17 votes in favor of the motion .


Call the speaker on a question of fact .
Call roll .


A point of information .
Get to the point .


Toy with an idea .
Figo is toying with the English defence .


Give the orders .
Give him my best regards .


A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .
Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth .


Set up an experiment .
Set the table .


Do you communicate well with your advisor ?
Many deaf people communicate with sign language .


Ping your machine in the office .
The bugs pinged the lamp shade .


Paul laughed a cheerful laugh .
She laughed her excitement .


He tries to hit on women in bars .
We were hit by really bad weather .


It was Bernhardt 's last appearance in America .
A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .


She did n't appreciate my humor .
You ca n't survive in the army without a sense of humor .


The pull up the hill had him breathing harder .
The pull of the moon .


Do n't make this into a big deal .
This invention will make you a millionaire .


Set a record .
To set pear trees in an orchard .


It is not work but worry that kills .
His worry over the prospect of being fired .


Halt the presses .
Halt the engines .


Shovel sand .
He shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long .


He suffered from fatigue and emotional tension .
Tension holds the belt in the pulleys .


Give thought to .
Give priority to .


The water reached ankle level .
The pictures were at the same level .


Can I charge this purchase ?
The suspect was charged with murdering his wife .


Shuck oysters .
Shall we shuck walnuts ?


He 's always stuffing his face with chips .
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf .


The foot of the mountain .
The foot of the list .


These stories do n't check !
Katie 's sick , so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything .


Would you please cut the cake ?
This knife cuts well .


Take the lift to the fourth floor .
He responded with a lift of his eyebrow .


If you cut then I 'll deal .
She cut the deck for a long time .


How much furniture did they leave behind ?
They had too much furniture for the small apartment .


How does this shirt fit ?
If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .


The dog barked at his own reflection in the mirror .
The pulse is a reflection of the heart 's condition .


Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil .
The medical resident finished a two - week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics .


Run a new program on the Mac .
I will run the sample .


Leave the room .
Leave it as is .


Take the gun from your pocket .
The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word .


The application of indexes to tables of data .
Massage has far-reaching medical applications .


These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation .
Find the product of two numbers .


Use your head !
She used to call her mother every week but now she calls only occasionally .


He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back .
He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father .


He had a drop too much to drink .
Put three drops of oil into the mixture .


When I realized that I had hurt my friend , I felt deep shame .
One mistake brought shame to all his family .


The key to winning a game .
The key to solving this problem is persistence .


Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .
A life characterized by thriftlessness and waste .


Consider the possibility of moving .
Please consider your family .


You really have to empathize with them .
You 've really got to empathize with what they want .


Stay alone .
We stayed in Hawaii for a week .


She wants to leave .
The president 's remarks left us speechless .


To electrify a jar .
This patriotic sentiment electrified the audience .


I gave the waiter my order .
The company 's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle .


He got a tip on the stock market .
They clambered to the tip of Monadnock .


Open the door a crack .
There was a crack in the mirror .


A patch of bad weather .
A patch of clouds .


The application of indexes to tables of data .
The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks .


Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her .
I made many mistakes in my youth , but learned from them all .


We only use Spanish at home .
Use your head !


He did n't want his wife to know of the relationship .
The relationship between mothers and their children .


Carry the suitcases to the car .
Amanda carried the package .


The explosion was heard a mile away .
An explosion of rage .


She thrust the letter into his hand .
The front of the trains that had collided head-on thrust up into the air .


The scale of the model .
There are some who question the scale of our ambitions .


Run a risk .
Run a temperature .


The subjects ' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution .
His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set .


A CPU is a component of a computer .
Spare components for cars .


Do n't approach that house .
He was an admirable poet , and thought even to have approached Homer . -- Sir William Temple .


How much do you charge for lunch ?
The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks .


Take a left at the corner .
Jab with your left .


I shall be writing to you soon .
3 times 5 is fifteen .


Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .
This opens up new possibilities .


This will save you a lot of time .
She saved the old family photographs in a drawer .


We 'll get them !
This time I got him .


They climbed the north face of the mountain .
The face of the city is changing .


His drive and energy exhausted his co-workers .
The riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views .


He is blind -- he can not see .
I saw their laughing and joking .


Potatoes bake to a crisp .
I baked a delicious cherry pie .


At what time does your train leave ?
His good luck finally left him .


To volunteer for doing the dishes .
He volunteered the information .


Guard against infection .
Guard against becoming too friendly with the staff .


She may not make the grade .
We made it !


Is the direction of the economy a function of government ?
He gave directions faster than she could follow them .


I love hearing the song of canary birds .
The song of the wind .


Declare dividends .
The President declared war .


Snap your fingers .
Bullets snapped past us .


You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference .
It just wo n't make much of a difference to anyone .


There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery .
A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index .


The lines converge at this point .
The crowd converged on the movie star .


I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath .
I caught some Z 's on the train .


Enter a drug treatment program .
Enter negotiations .


Toe a nail .
She toes inwards .


Make a phone call .
Make a move .


The howl of the wind made him restless .
He gave a howl of pain .


Throw the car into reverse .
The horse threw its inexperienced rider .


He has a hold over them .
He ordered a hold in the action .


Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end .
At the end of the story , the main characters fall in love .


His weakness increased as he became older .
He has a weakness for chocolate .


We do n't intermingle much .
The yolks and the whites intermingled .


The enemy offered little resistance .
The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics .


Throw accusations at someone .
The horse threw its inexperienced rider .


The crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since .
His crash through the window .


We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba .
Please follow the guide through the museum .


They resisted every effort on his part .
It requires vigilance on our part .


A multinational operation .
They had to consolidate their operations .


They make a cute couple .
One swallow does not a summer make .


I mean no harm .
Happiness means everything .


Curled up on the foot of the bed .
The foot of the page .


The seat of a saddle .
He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .


A large-scale farming operation .
It can perform millions of operations per second .


She agreed to bear the responsibility .
Bearing orders .


Mineral origin .
Vegetable origins .


A man of quality .
While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .


An art exhibition .
I was never any good at art .


It was a mercy that we were not inside when the roof collapsed .
He threw himself on the mercy of the court .


The files will erase quickly .
I erased that note because it was wrong .


War was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring .
The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .


Clothes make the man .
This makes the third infraction .


Strike a bargain .
We must strike the enemy 's oil fields .


Immediate demobilization of the reserves .
Demobilization of factories .


Night spot .
A leopard 's spots .


I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .
The local Mafia wo n't touch gambling .


Set the table .
Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children .


What do we have here ?
Have a lover .


Those opposing the building plans were in the majority , so the building project was canceled .
The majority agreed that the new proposal was the best .


The news spread rapidly through the medical profession .
His conduct is against the established practices of the legal profession .


The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets .
My memory extends back to my fourth year of life .


His plan of attack was misguided .
An attack on inflation .


The horse threw its rider .
Throw a glance .


I could n't get his words out of my head .
This song keeps going through my head .


He went through fire and damnation .
Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes .


Make a phone call .
Make a decision .


He put all his efforts into this job .
I would n't put it that way .


When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly .
He applied a coat of a clear finish .


Stick the photo onto the corkboard .
Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it .


They had too much furniture for the small apartment .
There was only one piece of furniture in the room .


My day began early this morning .
It was a busy day on the stock exchange .


Victorian furniture is an interest of mine .
Lexicography is one of my interests .


Port the helm .
Port arms !


What does the law say ?
She said her ` Hail Mary ' .


The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue .
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue .


Corn does n't grow here .
In these forests , mushrooms grow under the trees .


My sister lives in that apartment building .
There was a three-story building on the corner .


Burn a CD .
Witches were burned in Salem .


He always took some reading matter with him on the plane .
They were friends and it was no matter who won the games .


There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history .
There is a tension created between narrative time and movie time .


We had a wonderful time at the party .
He is not living at home because he is doing time .


Verify a claim .
Please verify that the doors are closed .


What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste .
An abstract conception with feelings of reality and spatial outwardness attached to it .


Play games .
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches .


The drums beat all night .
Beat the rhythm .


My cold is gone -- I feel fine today .
She felt tired after the long hike .


To hold good .
The weather held .


It was a case of bad judgment .
A case of the jitters .


The clone was a copy of its ancestor .
Please bring me the copies of those reports .


Strike a medal .
Strike coins .


The quality of mercy is not strained "-- Shakespeare .
One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .


Treat the lawn with chemicals .
Do n't worry about the expensive wine -- I'm treating .


To attain ( or to reach ) proficiency .
A test of proficiency in English .


I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .
I begged her for release .


A bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him .
He was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire .


When you hear his sermons , you will be able to believe , too .
After that night in the church , I believed .


The institution of marriage .
He had become an institution in the theater .


They were an angry lot .
Lots of people think so .


They served beer on draft .
He left the country to avoid the draft .


These ugly billboards have to go !
This chair has got to go .


She wiped lipstick from her mouth .
The jar had a wide mouth .


This time he succeeded .
When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .


To admit evidence in the trial of a cause .
A ticket admits one into a playhouse .


He is on the purchasing side of the business .
The patient was bleeding on the right side .


It ended on a sour note .
There was a note of gaiety in her manner .


He has an artist 's eye .
She has an eye for fresh talent .


You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn .
Window of opportunity .


I mean no harm .
I only meant to help you .


Smell out corruption .
I smell trouble .


You must consider her age .
I 'm considering going to the beach tomorrow .


Economy of effort .
The Scots are famous for their economy .


Answer the telephone .
Nobody answered when I knocked on the door .


The English language .
He did n't have the language to express his feelings .


Dress a turkey .
Dress the surface smooth .


He had a drop too much to drink .
A drop of each sample was analyzed .


There was a dip in the road .
This onion dip is just scrumptious .


I 'd like a big bit of cake , please .
There are 8 bits in a byte .


They are up to date .
We have n't heard from them to date .


He observed a regular lunchtime .
It 's almost lunchtime , so I think I 'll finish up later this afternoon .


Beg the question .
Beg the point in the discussion .


Home is where the heart is .
There 's no place like home .


A riding academy .
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences .


Women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance .
I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs .


He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .
After fighting for so long , she finally resigned to her death .


Is the direction of the economy a function of government ?
I could n't follow the direction of his thoughts .


The annual report has been my baby since September .
This project is his baby .


The opponent refused to strike .
The boxer struck the attacker dead .


Seek happiness .
Seek an education .


The quality of students has risen .
A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .


I beg your pardon . I did n't mean to cause offence .
I begged for her to do it .


They admired his performance under stress .
They listened to ten different performances .


You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war .
He began early in the day .


The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world . – Sir W. Scott .
Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger .


A mental case .
The musicians left their instrument cases backstage .


Keep count .
I can not keep track of all my employees .


She tied her bikini top .
He screamed at the top of his lungs .


Add it to my score and I 'll settle later .
A score were sent out but only one returned .


He did a funny impression of a politician .
The dentist took an impression for use in preparing an inlay .


I 'll take the blue plates .
We took the road on the right .


I do n't care .
I do n't care what he does .


He made a scene .
The play is divided into three acts , and in total twenty-five scenes .


Seek happiness .
Seek a position .


The house is in order .
IBM received an order for a hundred computers .


The plane is about to land .
The ship landed in Pearl Harbor .


The heart and soul of the Republican Party .
They ran forward into the heart of the struggle .


Check your luggage before boarding .
She checked for an instant and missed a step .


A hard theory to put into practice .
That may work in theory , but will it work in practice ?


Receive payment .
Receive a gift .


The system consists of a motor and a small computer .
He bought a new stereo system .


Pull a horse .
You 'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that .


The baby was a boy .
Steve is a boy of 16 .


I have confidence in our team .
Everyone trusted him with their confidences .


Pop the clutch .
The muskets popped away on all sides .


A swelling with a disposition to rupture .
Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water .


While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily .


Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .
Leave it as is .


The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet .
They had too much furniture for the small apartment .


Pay a debt .
Do n't pay him any mind .


Pay a visit .
It pays to go through the trouble .


It is much cooler in the shade .
Close the shade , please : it 's too bright in here .


Good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability .
Extension of the program to all in need .


The photo is a little dark in that area .
The area of a rectangle .


The banjo had a long neck .
The bottle had a wide neck .


I approve of his educational policies .
I certainly approved of Mary 's acquaitance .


Arouse pity .
To arouse jealousy .


Sugar loaf .
Meat loaf .


How much does this savings certificate pay annually ?
To pay attention .


Close with the enemy .
Close the door .


Lift a ban .
I lifted the books onto the table .


Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .
The floor of the cave .


Fall asleep .
She fell to pieces after she lost her work .


Dissent to the laws of the country .
Several Republicans dissented .


He dusted off the seat before sitting down .
There are two hundred seats in this classroom .


He was well aware of the richness of his own appearance .
The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty .


Dig the oars into the water .
Dig your foot into the floor .


This invention will make you a millionaire .
She made us look silly .


What do whales eat ?
This dog does n't eat certain kinds of meat .


Pull your knees towards your chin .
Pull the handle towards you .


The " Ring of the Nibelung " is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner , the famous nineteenth-century German composer .
Schubert 's song cycles .


Leave the young fawn alone .
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind .


A building lot in a city .
He bought a lot on the lake .


They sat down to talk business .
Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .


He was cut down on a close play at third .
A simple harmony written in major thirds .


A tendency to be too strict .
Denim has a tendency to fade .


They accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations .
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies .


The return of spring .
The average return was about 5 % .


Stretch the fabric .
I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke .


These bonds carry warrants .
This new washer carries a two year guarantee .


The sun sets , and the workers go to their rest .
I need to get a good rest tonight ; I was up late last night .


Clear a debt .
The fog cleared in the afternoon .


Strike ` z ' on the keyboard .
The pianist strikes a middle C .


He misplayed his promising position .
I misplayed the tennis shot , I should have hit it to her right instead of left and she 'd have had more trouble returning it .


A branch of Congress .
He broke off one of the branches .


Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed .
He understood the foulness of sin .


He removed the top of the carton .
The mower cuts off the tops of the grass .


Grate one 's teeth in anger .
To grate a window .


His saxophone was in pledge .
Signed a pledge never to reveal the secret .


Brim a cup to good fellowship .
The room brimmed with people .


The main point on the agenda was taken up first .
What is the point of discussing it ?


A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users .
The price of the house included all utilities .


Do you want to work after the age of 60 ?
She never worked because she inherited a lot of money .


An explosion of a low order of magnitude .
It was on the order of a mile .


She has a glib tongue .
Tongues of flame licked at the walls .


Deliver the mail .
The guard delivered the criminal to the police .


Fortunately she had the good sense to run away .
He has n't got the sense God gave little green apples .


Every time we asked for an interview we got a denial .
It resulted in a complete denial of his privileges .


What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound , smell , or taste .
The outwardness of the world .


She loaded her shopping into the car .
I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs .


Potatoes bake to a crisp .
She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .


The rules forbid our smoking .
The rules forbid us from smoking .


The ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded .
The ball rolled into the corner pocket .


I 'm really seeing you in a different light today .
Magoon 's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter .


The " war on terror " is a campaign against terrorist crime .
In the US , conservatives rail against the " war on Christmas " .


Gather some stones .
The teacher gathered the kids together .


The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability .
To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products .


Stretch the imagination .
To enjoy the picnic , we stretched out on the grass .


The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs .
Hold the horse .


Please can I have a look , if I promise not to touch ?
I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .


The " war on drugs " is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs .
The war on poverty .


It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge .
Some students take a gap year after finishing high school to broaden their horizons .


Wear gloves so your hands stay warm .
We are staying in Detroit .


For English , a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases , the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters .
That was not the case .


These two copies are supposed to be identical , but they do n't match .
Match my sweater .


The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home .
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor .


The French try to sell us their image as great lovers .
The brothers sell shoes .


The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .
A text file will have a file extension of .txt .


I do n't have any money left .
What do we have here ?


He bought his brother 's business .
Business has been slow lately .


A leak in a gas pipe .
He had to clean up the leak .


He spoke in a low key .
Some students cheated by using the answer key .


Anthropologists do much of their work in the field .
He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .


The region is a few molecules wide at the summit .
In summer , it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta .


Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution .
A block of stone .


The only city of any size in that area .
He blanched when he saw the size of the bill .


They 're just country folk .
Folks around here drink moonshine .


My ambition is to own a helicopter .
His ambition is to own his own business .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
Our computers connected .


The voting process does n't work as well as people thought .
The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water .


The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy .
The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England .


The doctor recommended regular exercise .
The teacher told us the next exercise is to write an essay .


Strike a medal .
The teacher struck the child .


Order ruled in the streets .
Law and order .


Does she pay you for the work you are doing ?
He paid off the loan three months early .


Can you drive this four-wheel truck ?
Drive the game .


I have faith in the goodness of my fellow man .
They broke faith with their investors .


This time he succeeded .
He called four times .


I carry these thoughts in the back of my head .
I carry a lot of life insurance .


They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
Business has been slow lately .


Do you want to come over to my place later ?
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups .


You did n't give me enough notice .
A notice of sale .


Hastened the period of time of his recovery .
Picasso 's blue period .


She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke .
The patient must be treated right away or she will die .


Beat the cream .
Beat the subway fare .


Pull the trigger of the gun .
Pull the rope .


Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press .
Sanitize the language in a book .


They paid taxes on every stage of the operation .
A multinational operation .


She played the part of Desdemona .
We all have a part to play .


He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel .
Space travel .


Armored from head to foot .
Curled up on the foot of the bed .


He did n't make the choir after his voice changed .
She makes more than he does , and works longer hours than he does , but she still does most of the house-cleaning .


Files with a red tab will be stored separately .
The collar has a tab with a button hole .


It was his rule to take a walk before breakfast .
He knew the rules of chess .


Make clay into bricks .
Make lead into gold .


They will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available .
It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation .


The institution of slavery .
The institution of marriage .


His tantrums are a statement of his need for attention .
A Cadillac makes a statement about who you are .


Putting them in readiness .
A happy readiness of conversation "-- Jane Austen .


Please develop this roll of film for me .
They developed a new technique .


He stepped into the light .
They played as long as it was light .


A congregation is a vehicle of group identity .
His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views .


The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail .
He showed signs of strain .


Can you back up your claims ?
I ca n't back this plan .


Let the dogs run free .
Who are these people running around in the building ?


A lot of people are out of work .
He has n't come home yet , he 's still at work .


Set these words in italics .
Set the house afire .


It is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback .
His stories made him the center of the party .


Read the advertisement .
Have you read Salman Rushdie ?


Diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks .
Hedge your bets .


Trace a pattern .
Trace a design .


The government provides support to the arts in several ways .
The president no longer has the support of his own party .


To lash something to a spar .
The lion lashed its tail .


The grant does n't cover my salary .
Cover the child with a blanket .


Please develop this roll of film for me .
Develop land .


To face the front of a coat , or the bottom of a dress .
Face the lapels of the jacket .


Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals .
The language introduced is standard throughout the text .


We could always call on a friend .
Call roll .


I like the way he plays the guitar , but I ca n't tolerate his voice when he sings .
He learned to tolerate the heat .


I take it you 're not going ?
You ca n't take credit for this !


I will work hard to improve my grades .
John worked with Paul on the task .


We live in a litigious age .
The Tithonian Age was the last in the Late Jurassic epoch .


A rugged complexion .
A liberal political complexion .


It just wo n't make much difference to me .
His support made a real difference .


Before we had newspapers , a town crier would cry the news .
He cried his merchandise in the market square .


According to the Bible , the rainbow is a token of God 's covenant with Noah .
A book token is the easiest option for a Christmas gift .


The number of parameters is small .
In English the subject and the verb must agree in number .


He ducked under the nose of the gun .
He has a cold in the nose .


Order ruled in the streets .
The machinery is out of order .


You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice .
Pack your tents to the top of the mountain .


The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips .
His demands for attention were unceasing .


Spiritual bankruptcy .
Moral bankruptcy .


He had a religious experience .
He recalled the experience vividly .


The second movement is slow and melodic .
It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement .


There is strength in union .
The Soviet Union .


I will purchase the vacation package if you will include car rental .
We must include this chemical element in the group .


The succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement .
The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947 .


They had a nice stay in Paris .
A lengthy hospital stay .


In the year 1920 .
A normal year has 365 full days , but there are 366 days in a leap year .


Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance .
The resolution of an equation .


A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there .
Law and order .


Come into contact with a terrorist group .
Your wish will come true .


As they say in the trade .
They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade .


These pipes carry waste water into the river .
Amanda carried the package from home .


The stuff of heros .
You do n't have the stuff to be a United States Marine .


Back into the driveway .
The wind backed .


The course of the river .
The government took a firm course .


To strengthen authority .
His body strengthened .


Immolate the valuables at the temple .
The Aztecs immolated human victims .


His resentment took the form of extreme hostility .
The composition presents problems for students of musical form .


My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers .
The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize .


This sealed door wo n't allow the water come into the basement .
To allow a servant his liberty .


The surprise attack was devastating .
Imagine my surprise on learning I owed twice as much as I thought I did .


I had no further trade with him .
I did no trades with them once the rumors started .


Earth the circuit .
That noise is because the amplifier is not properly earthed .


Would you like some tea ?
The store shelves held many different kinds of tea .


I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block .
A block of stone .


It just wo n't make much difference to me .
The difference in her is amazing .


He washed his face .
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news .


The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .
She called her children lazy and ungrateful .


Tow is flax with short staple .
Staple fibers vary widely in length .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
He was a member of a special police unit .


General Smith was placed in command .
An admiral in command .


There is strength in union .
Let C be the union of the sets A and B .


Open a window and let in some air .
As he waited he could feel the air on his neck .


Roll a cigarette .
The drawer rolled open .


Caught in the mire of poverty .
The country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president .


His bid was $ 35,000 .
A bid for a lucrative transport contract .


She must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment .
The preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her .


He applied a coat of a clear finish .
The car 's finish was so shiny and new .


Play cards .
Who 's playing now ?


Beat the subway fare .
Beat a path through the forest .


Keep count .
The pianist kept time with the metronome .


Should we classify " make up " as an idiom or as a phrasal verb ?
How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?


Pull a bank robbery .
Pull a chicken .


I 'm going to buy my father something nice for his birthday .
This sum will buy you a ride on the train .


He 's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder .
He 's in the nick .


The old house served as a dwelling for Albert .
Philip 's dwelling fronted on the street . - Alfred Tennyson .


Par for this course is 72 .
He needs to make this shot for par .


How much do you charge for lunch ?
This fellow charges $ 100 for a massage .


I always stretch my muscles before exercising .
His mustache stretched all the way to his sideburns .


It was about 500 square feet in area .
The area of a rectangle .


The price is in the neighborhood of $ 100 .
He always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood .


Do n't drag me into this business .
Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen .


The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development .
My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege .


There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .


He wrote the date on the back of the photograph .
I hung the clothes on the back of the door .


The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests .
An important piece of the evidence .


Can you teach me to sew ?
Can you teach sewing to me ?


He was at the top of his form .
The team was off form last night .


She did n't think to harm me .
We thought to return early that night .


He occupied a post in the treasury .
Sent via post .


I can see what will happen .
I ca n't see him on horseback !


In just a bit .
There are 8 bits in a byte .


To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler .
I had to stay at home and watch the children .


They climbed the north face of the mountain .
Why the sad face ?


The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family .
She stayed until his death .


They tested his ability to locate objects in space .
Write your name in the space provided .


You really have to empathize with their doing it .
You really have to empathize with them .


This table would serve very well .
They serve a restricted role on the bench .


Can you follow her argument ?
She followed the men with the binoculars .


The Moon 's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete .
In the political orbit of a world power .


Do research .
This car does 150 miles per hour .


Stretch out that piece of cloth .
The rubber band stretched almost to the breaking point .


Pay up , please !
It pays to go through the trouble .


The course of the river .
He took a course in basket weaving .


His knowledge does n't go very far .
This property goes all the way to the state line .


After the burly macho nudists ' polar bear dip , their tails were spectacularly shrunk , so they looked like an immature kid 's innocent tail .
Most primates have a tail and fangs .


They sat by the fire and talked .
He went through fire and damnation .


He made trade protection a plank in the party platform .
Insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness .


Strike a match .
The teacher struck the child .


It took more than half my time .
I did n't have time to finish .


Develop a market for the new mobile phone .
Please develop this roll of film .


Extend the casserole with a little rice .
Can we extend the legs of this dining table ?


He did n't say a word about it .
Can I have a word with you ?


He searched for treasure on the ocean bed .
There 's a lot of trash on the bed of the river .


We breakfast at seven .
Cynthia breakfasted on peaches .


The seat of these trousers is almost worn through .
The seat of his pants was worn through .


Authority for the program was renewed several times .
He is an authority on corporate law .


Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man .
His contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau .


Play sports .
We played hockey all afternoon .


The heart and soul of the Republican Party .
The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate .


His best finish in a major tournament was third .
Excitement grew as the finish neared .


A sense of self .
A sense of security .


Bake the potatoes .
She 's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner .


To blow a horse .
Blow now !


To toy with a piece of food on one 's plate .
Toy with an idea .


Can I buy you a drink ?
He took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips .


Shade the meaning .
The hillside was bright green , shading towards gold in the drier areas .


I saw through his little game from the start .
You need four people to play this game .


A crop circle was made in a corn field .
They are outstanding in their field .


After many days of hard work , we finally had enough firewood for the winter .
They collected and cut their own firewood .


They serve a restricted role on the bench .
She served in Congress for two terms .


A solid border around a table of figures .
The border between Canada and USA is the longest in the world .


The ex-boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club .
The rubber ball bounced .


Negotiations ran into a brick wall .
A wall of smoke .


Do n't make this into a big deal .
Make yourself clear .


Do n't touch my CDs !
Stefan was touched by the song 's message of hope .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?


The melon had a delicious taste .
The candy left him with a bad taste .


He asked for a poll of public opinion .
His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page .


Look what I have here — a frog I found on the street !
He had a cold last week .


Trim an airplane .
Trim the photograph .


A leak in a gas pipe .
A leak in a boat .


We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem .
Use this knife to slice the bread .


His submission to the will of God .
The union was brought into submission .


A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past .
Forget the past .


A thing of the spirit .
A funny thing happened on the way to the ...


Stay alone .
Stay put in the corner here !


The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .
He is not living at home because he is doing time .


When is your baby due ?
The baby of the Supreme Court .


Many children join a sports club .
Most politicians have joined a party .


They built a fire at the mouth of the cave .
He stuffed his mouth with candy .


Okay , but this is the last time . No more after that !
He called four times .


The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .
The engineer called round whilst you were away .


The author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland .
He had no clear picture of himself or his world .


I want to get there early ; let 's roll .
The water rolled .


The room has a wooden floor .
They needed rugs to cover the bare floors .


The formation of memories .
The formation of sentences .


Her former friends now avoid her .
He avoided his nagging .


The title should be written at the top of the first page .
He got a bright red top and string for his birthday .


I feel I hardly know him ; I just wish he 'd communicate with me a little more .
He and his sons have n't communicated for years .


Do n't run that software unless you have permission . ' .
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .


I was n't thinking straight – I 'd had a skinful that night .
Someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful .


I 'm cold ; can you roll over here and cuddle me , honey ?
I cuddled the baby .


Come on guys , let 's move : there 's work to do !
The horse moves a carriage .


The sound awakened them .
Owen Sound .


Used her parents ' influence to get the job .
She was the most important influence in my life .


Catch fire .
The bucket catches water from the downspout .


Apply for a job .
He applied for a leave of absence .


Trace a design .
The women traced the pasture .


Pay an obligation .
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid .


Clear a debt .
The sky cleared .


The clarinet was out of tune .
He can not sing in tune .


One of the tires developed a leak .
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military .


May the force be with you .
The forces of evil .


A section of a fishing rod .
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury .


Play safe .
Play it safe .


The book of Isaiah .
Genesis is the first book of the Bible .


Can you follow her argument ?
A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake .


A riding academy .
Academies of literature and philology .


The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period .
David Beckham 's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237 .


The Republican nomination for Governor .
His nomination was hotly protested .


The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia .
Values distribute .


He tried to catch her eye .
The thread would n't go through the eye .


They admired his performance under stress .
When Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe .


An oil-in-water emulsion .
Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed .


I want to see results .
The 1960 's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions .


They stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted .
The traffic patterns around O'Hare are very crowded .


Set these words in italics .
Set the tray down .


They resisted every effort on his part .
They analyzed the river into three parts .


Find the product of two numbers .
Water is found to be a compound substance .


I had to stay at home and watch the children .
After the trial period , she was asked to stay on and work full-time .


Please strike this remark from the record .
Strike a pose .


I doubt these reports .
He doubted that was really what you meant .


Consummate a marriage .
After the reception , he escorted her to the honeymoon suite to consummate their marriage .


I 've always had a liking for reading .
She developed a liking for gin .


Remove a threat .
Doug removed the smudges from the tabletop .


Our lounge strives to maintain an environment of peace for the comfort of our customers .
My boy , this peace is what all true warriors strive for .


The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part .
These computers connected well .


The shortness of a stubby pencil .
The patient 's shortness of breath .


They applied for an extension of the loan .
The extension of ` satellite of Mars ' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos .


He took a course in basket weaving .
She prepared a three course meal .


A war of wits .
A price war .


This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality .
The quality of students has risen .


Use your head !
I used to get sick when I ate in that dining hall .


Remove a threat .
Remove the dirty dishes from the table .


If I lose a few kilos , the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me .
The small shirt does n't fit me , so I 'll buy the medium size .


She is the personification of optimism .
The Grim Reaper is a personification of death .


They phoned hoping to place her in the management team .
I placed ten dollars on the Lakers beating the Bulls .


The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time .    He is not living at home because he is doing time .
His sentence was 5 to 10 years .


He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat , which always annoyed his mother .
There were not enough seats for all the guests .


It came by the first post .
If you hurry you 'll catch the post .


In the day of the dinosaurs .
He was a successful pianist in his day .


The plains lay just beyond the mountain range .
He dreamed of a home on the range .


He got life for killing the guard .
City life .


Let 's follow our great helmsman !
The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing .


To club exertions .
The two men clubbed together .


Bad luck caused his downfall .
I could n't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street .


Strike a medal .
She struck her head on the low ceiling .


What will you give her for her birthday ?
She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary .


The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
He was fighting to his last breath .


The voice of experience .
The wee small voice of conscience .


I know that the President lied to the people .
I know it 's time .


Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet .
The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant .


The horse won by a neck .
The bottle had a wide neck .


I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor .
He spread fertilizer over the lawn .


The two buildings touch .
Their hands touched .


An angry face .
Why the sad face ?


The maths problem is a real snorter , is n't it ?
The batsman succumbed to a snorter of short balls from the bowler and nicked a thin edge to the keeper .


My neighborhood voted for Bush .
It is a friendly neighborhood .


Come down here !
Come out of the closet !


A good ear for pitch .
He had a keen ear .


They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend .
Business is good today .


The film is set in Africa .
Set the tray down .


I 'm afflicted by worry throughout the night .
It is not work but worry that kills .


Every artist needs an audience .
He saw that he had lost his audience .


We had sex in the back seat .
( The believers ... those ... ) who abstain from sex .


I beat the traffic .
The drums beat all night .


Block a garment .
I blocked the mittens by wetting them and pinning them to a shaped piece of cardboard .


Confidence is always borrowed , never owned .
After that failure he lost his confidence .


At that point I had to leave .
A row of points .


The first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch .
The train hit the buffers with a great shock .


See you another time .
This time he succeeded .


The mixer returned to the plant for another fill .
He ate his fill of potatoes .


This move will simplify our lives .
We had to simplify the instructions .


He threw the ball into the air .
Her hand stopped in mid air .


I feel that he does n't like me .
I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver .


I 'll take that plate off the table .
Take these letters to the boss .


The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics .
Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans .


After two raises there was a call .
The salesman 's call on a customer .


The alkaline inclination of the local waters .
Her inclination is for classical music .


The throat of a chimney .
The throat of the vase .


Drop him from the Republican ticket .
Shop til you drop .


The gas expanded to twice its original volume .
The volume of ticket sales decreased this week .


The head of the list .
The head of the stairs .


12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .
They shot 20 head of quail .


Your skin is the largest organ of your body .
He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl .


The saw buckled when it hit a knot .
A small knot of women listened to his sermon .


Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building 's mechanical performance .
The book had an important impact on my thinking .


She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town .
The cab rode him downtown .


The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year .
The law is still in effect .


200 head of cattle .
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves .


I ca n't read his strange behavior .
The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball .


That mechanic 's a bum - he could n't fix a yo-yo .
That guy keeps interrupting the concert . Throw the bum out !


They had a fierce wrestle .
We watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully .


A sample for ten days free trial .
Candidates must compete in a trial of skill .


The sound awakened them .
Puget Sound .


I will work hard to improve my grades .
They worked at finishing the task .


To counterfeit the signature of another , coins , notes , etc .
They counterfeited dollar bills .


I try to avoid the company of gamblers .
He avoided going to the area .


I have a house and a car .
Have an assistant .


Crime does n't pay .
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car .


The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self .
There must be a skeleton somewhere in that family 's closet .


I would n't touch her with a ten-foot pole .
She never touched her husband .


To pack goods in a box .
Crowds packed the stands .


Call a runner out .
The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens .


He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned .
Molecular recognition drives all of biology , for instance , hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities .


The prostitute had a record a mile long .
He ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court .


A place in my heart .
He comes from a place near Chicago .


A filming session .
A gossip session .


He missed the point of the joke .
The cannibal 's teeth were filed to sharp points .


He was a successful pianist in his day .
In the days of the Roman Empire .


To militate against the possibility of his election .
To militate in favor of a particular result .


Catch fire .
The trees caught quickly in the dry wind .


A drop of each sample was analyzed .
Put three drops of oil into the mixture .


He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted .
This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field .


Deliver a package .
Our local super market delivers .


Come into the room .
He came through the door .


This led to an unfortunate chain of events .
A chain of ideas , one leading to the next .


Can you remember her phone number ?
I ca n't remember saying any such thing .


It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip .
There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock .


I hit the jackpot .
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow .


That 's three times he 's made the same mistake .
When was the last time we went out ? I do n't remember .


Would you like to come round on Sunday for a spot of lunch ?
The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur .


He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion .
The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds .


The thick branches overhanging the path made progress difficult .
He listened for the progress of the troops .


Rub my hands .
I rubbed my hands together for warmth .


Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem .
A good boxer needs a good defense .


Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood .
Harvard University is a famous American postsecondary school .


These two surfaces osculate .
One curve osculates the other .


Al Smith used to say , ` Let 's look at the record ' .
His name is in all the record books .


Shoot a golf ball .
Shoot craps .


We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal .
The frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity .


The horse threw its rider .
She threw herself forwards .


You 're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle .
He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream .


He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty .
The trials for the semifinals began yesterday .


The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages .
The terrorists seized the politicians .


Electrons orbit the nucleus .
The moon orbits around the Earth .


Make a cake .
Make a dress .


A leak in a roof .
He had to clean up the leak .


The most moving scene is the final one , where he realizes he has wasted his whole life .
There were some very erotic scenes in the movie , although it was not classified as pornography .


This project is his baby .
Stand up for yourself - do n't be such a baby !


A chair is furniture . Sofas are also furniture .
There was only one piece of furniture in the room .


Beat one 's breast .
This beats me !


He appointed himself emperor for life .
While there 's life there 's hope .


I do n't care what he does .
We cared about the opera .


The plundering of the Parthenon .
His plundering of the great authors .


The president 's trip will substantiate good relations with the former enemy country .
The painting substantiates the feelings of the artist .


Now we have a fine mess .
What do we have here ?


Put the kettle on the fire .
Fire was one of our ancestors ' first discoveries .


A unit of wheat is a bushel .
The word is a basic linguistic unit .


To stick an apple on a fork .
He stuck the cloth with the needle .


The containment of the rebellion .
The containment of the AIDS epidemic .


You can stay with me while you are in town .
I can only stay for an hour .


Confidence is always borrowed , never owned .
Everyone trusted him with their confidences .


The appointment had to be approved by the whole committee .
He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .


The country set .
The smart set goes there .


The catcher made a good throw to second base .
He could n't afford $ 50 a throw .


Throw the car into reverse .
Have , throw , or make a party .


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
This computer will connect well to the network .


Come out of the closet !
I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette .


200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses .
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $ 40 .


Vermont will open elk hunting season next week .
Open a business .


His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war .
He served in the Vietnam theater for three years .


He never left my side .
They always sat on the right side of the church .


You need four people to play this game .
Games in the classroom can make learning fun .


A daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint .
Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units .


It is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight .
Statute of limitations .


Can the child dress by herself ?
Marlene dressed herself .


A man of quality .
A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality .


A stick of dynamite .
Cinnamon sticks .


Convention center .
It is a center 's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback .


Has a happy lot .
Lots of people think so .


Accept students for graduate study .
I can not accept your invitation .


He comes from a place near Chicago .
He lost his place on the page .


Shake the salt out of the salt shaker .
I could n't shake the car that was following me .


It can be tricky to land a helicopter .
The plane landed in Istanbul .


This form of conflict is essential to Mann 's writing .
A conflict of loyalties .


Such odd-shaped items do not pack well .
She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains .


Grate carrots and onions .
Grate nutmeg .


I 'm leaving work early because I have a doctor 's appointment .
He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men .


Ears open to catch every sound .
Catch a glimpse .


Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space .
Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest ?


Winnow chaff .
Winnow the finalists from the long list of applicants .


Can we finance the addition to our home ?
He financed his home purchase through a local credit union .


Thugs beat him up when he walked down the street late at night .
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship .


Enter an agreement .
Enter negotiations .


My computer is too old to run the new OS .
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .


He felt as if his whole body were on fire .
All bodies are held together by internal forces .


The floor of the cave .
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been .


Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers .
They collect the waste once a week .


To start a stream of water .
Start a new job .


To approach the city .
Do n't approach that house .


Tip the screen upward .
Tip artichokes .


He does n't care about how / whether she comes .
I do n't care what he does .


A prison term .
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison .


Piecas kronas — five krona .
Papīra krona — paper krona ( i.e. , bills , banknotes ) .


She did n't touch her food all night .
The two buildings touch .


I find this difficult to masturbate to .
The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute .


I could n't tell what the thing was .
To say the same thing in other terms .


I could feel the runner 's breath on my shoulder .
His sour breath offended her .


There was a connection via the internet .
The connection between overeating and obesity .


He heard the phone ringing but did n't want to take the call .
I received several phone calls today .


It all happened in the space of 10 minutes .
The architect left space in front of the building .


Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice .
They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring .


The Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front .
They advertise on many different fronts .


Although I do n't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures .
The baby talks already .


As the car salesman approached , wearing a plaid suit and slicked-back hair , he seemed to embody sleaze .
This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period .


Give me a hand with the chores .
On the one hand ... , but on the other hand ...


I tried to follow her prescription for success .
He told the doctor that he had been taking his prescription regularly .


Their angry expressions were a clear sign they did n't want to talk .
Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .


Snap a football .
The lock snapped shut .


How it got out is a mystery .
The truth behind the events remains a mystery .


Let 's get down to work now .
Get working as soon as the sun rises !


Dip the brush into the paint .
I had to dip into my savings to buy him this present .


We took a 10-minute break .
Let 's take a five-minute break .


He got the sack for being late all the time .
The boss is gon na give her the sack today .


Pump bullets into the dummy .
The athlete pumps weights in the gym .


I will carry the secret to my grave .
I carry her image in my mind 's eye .


To add numbers .
This paper will add to her reputation .


He felt better after a little sleep .
They had to put their family pet to sleep .


Business is good today .
Business has been slow lately .


He wo n't step into his father 's footsteps .
Step over to the blackboard .


There are certain states where it is lawful to execute prisoners convicted of certain crimes .
In some states , criminals are executed .


The material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage .
Shrinkage is the retail trade 's euphemism for shoplifting .


A person makes his appearance as an historian , an artist , or an orator .
His sudden appearance surprised me .


He does not support his natural children .
The government supports the arts in several ways .


Undergo a strange sensation .
The chemical undergoes a sudden change .


Strip a wall of its wallpaper .
Norm will strip the old varnish before painting the chair .


He held a large block of the company 's stock .
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks .


He shivered from the cold .
The cold helped clear his head .


Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone .
The salesman pounded the door knocker .


Burn garbage .
The car burns only Diesel oil .


A liberal political complexion .
He altered the complexion of his times .


I ca n't use this tool .
He does n't know how to use a computer .


The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve .
The mayor threw out the first ball .


Bear a heavy load .
Bear a resemblance .


The price of success is hard work .
What price glory ?


We 'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office .
Shift one 's attention .


Clarify beer .
Clarify the butter .


If your dick has " the drip " you probably have the clap and need to go to the sex clinic .
Off in the distance , he heard the clap of thunder .


Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book .
The trend of the stock market .


You shuffle , I 'll deal .
He shuffled his funds among different accounts in various countries so as to avoid the IRS .


We could always call on a friend .
The engineer called round whilst you were away .


Before laying sod on that clay , the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil .
Do n't go to lunch if we do n't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones .


I want to tell a story .
Tell what happened .


Did you two break the trolley by racing with it ?
On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke .


She made a copy of the designer dress .
The clone was a copy of its ancestor .


Block the wheels of a car .
Block his election .


The opening received good critical reviews .
The opening established the basic theme .


The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .
I wanted to attend the meeting but there 's a conflict in my schedule that day .


Drive a ball .
What are you driving at ?


The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store .
He painted scenes from everyday life .


He was given credit for his work .
Give her credit for trying .


She has a lot of class .
The class of all sets is not a set .


Such odd-shaped items do not pack well .
This singer always packs the concert halls .


He had a great feeling for music .
The house gave me a feeling of dread .


Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks .
He put a quarter in the slot .


She always looked forward to the avocado season .
He celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company .


I start my day with a good breakfast .
Who started this company ?


You have to be a good observer to see all the details .
Can you see the bird in that tree ?


Pipe a tune .
Pipe oil , water , and gas into the desert .


Their nomadic mode of existence .
Switched from keyboard to voice mode .


The south wall had a small window .
A wall of prejudice .


They broke faith with their investors .
A member of his own faith contradicted him .


I can not say ` zip wire ' .
Please say your name slowly and clearly .


The love of money is the root of all evil .
Communism 's Russian root .


Point the letter .
The dancers toes pointed outward .


Run a new program on the Mac .
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still do n't know what 's wrong .


My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times .
They ′re our neighbours across the street .


Home is where the heart is .
He grew up in a good Christian home .


We serve meals for the homeless .
The entertainers served up a lively show .


He hoped for a new life in Australia .
Pottery was his life .


The thrust of the jet engines .
He made a thrusting motion with his fist .


I shall be writing to you soon .
I have been to Spain many times .


The ship made its run in record time .
The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded .


The coach cut two players from the team .
We cut through the neighbor 's yard to get home sooner .


A formation of planes .
A defensive formation .


The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson .
They were assigned to kitchen fatigues .


We will strike a medal in your honour .
Strike coins .


I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang .
To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch .


This may land you in jail .
Use the net to land the fish .


I am not of your persuasion .
It is his persuasion that abortion should never be condoned .


He tried to strangle his opponent .
He strangled his wife and dissolved the body in acid .


Many children join a sports club .
He joined the Communist Party as a young man .


Strike an arc .
They were struck with fear .


He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary .
There were stretches of boredom .


Canst thou thunder with a voice like him ? — Job 40:9 .
The noisy voice of the waterfall .


Charge a conductor .
The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks .


Gather some stones .
People gathered round as he began to tell his story .


When will the meeting be ?
I shall be writing to you soon .


Some actresses have more than one face lift .
Take the lift to the fourth floor .


Pack the books into the boxes .
To pack fish .


Where do you stand on the War ?
Standing water .


The round of the seasons .
The story is going the rounds in Washington .


A chain of mountains .
This led to an unfortunate chain of events .


Strike coins .
A bullet struck him .


His friendship was a comfort .
A padded chair was one of the room 's few comforts .


He got a loan of five thousand pounds .
All loans from the library , whether books or audio material , must be returned within two weeks .


There was a note of uncertainty in his voice .
I did n't have any coins to pay with , so I used a note .


A train of thought .
Unfortunately , the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride 's train as they were walking down the aisle .


Do research .
Will $ 100 do ?


Can you connect the two loudspeakers ?
Herman connected the computers .


Draw on a cigarette .
She drew $ 2,000 from the account .


The child 's breath came quickly and unevenly .
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool .


We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place .
He comes from a place near Chicago .


Mothers fondle their babies .
They fondled in the back seat of the taxi .


The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs .
Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree ?


There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field .
Gold field .


The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale .
The scale of the model .


He could no longer cope with the complexities of life .
Get a life .


Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane .
We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane .


They could not act without official communication from Moscow .
Some say that communication is a necessary prerequisite for sentience ; others say that it is a result thereof .


You anger too easily .
He angers easily .


This multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth .
Repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors .


The French doors admit onto the yard .
He admitted his errors .


Exhaust one 's savings .
This kind of work exhausts me .


The date of a letter , of a will , of a deed , of a coin , etc .
He tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class .


Kill the engine .
She was killed in the collision of three cars .


To admit a serious thought into the mind .
She admitted us here .


Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road .
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth .


Life depends on many chemical and physical processes .
The battery had a short life .


I need to rest for a piece .
She bought a lovely piece of china .


How many books did Georges Simenon write ?
Please write to me every week .


This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street .
The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain .


I do it for the fun of it .
He is fun to have around .


The man must answer to his employer for the money entrusted to his care .
She must answer for her actions .


A history of France .
A critical time in the school 's history .


The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing .
He works at a great rate .


Hit the bottle .
He hit a home run .


Get to the point .
At that point I had to leave .


Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .
Grāmata maksā piecas kronas — the book costs five krona .


Sanitize the language in a book .
Sanitize history .


You are trying my patience .
Try the yak butter .


How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric ?
She classified the works as ' dangerous ' .


A patch of clouds .
Patches of thin ice .


My daughter 's fancy wedding is going to break me !
He broke the glass plate .


The misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable .
She was exhausted by her misery and grief .


Armored from head to foot .
The swiftest of foot .


Women carrying home shopping did n't give me a second glance .
On Saturdays we usually do the shopping .


While being impulsive can be great for artists , it is not a desirable quality for engineers .
Security , stability , and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system .


The cinema relies on apparent motion .
He made a motion to adjourn .


Render thanks .
Render fat in a casserole .


It vanished into the night .
The cat disappeared into the night .


I drive to work every day .
We drove to the university every morning .


He threw the ball into the air .
A smell of chemicals in the air .


Keep open the possibility of a merger .
Keep my seat , please .


Those clouds show little sign of raining soon .
Signs of disease are objective , whereas symptoms are subjective .


Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack .
Stretch your legs !


We added a new rosebush to our rose bed .
The gardener planted a bed of roses .


His state of health .
In a weak financial state .


Likes a drink before dinner .
Can I buy you a drink ?


Piecas kronas — five krona .
Kronas kurss — the exchange rate of the krona .


The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph "-- Thomas Paine .
The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago .


Answer the riddle .
Answer a question .


Play the casinos in Trouville .
Play the races .


An invasion of bees .
An invasion of mobile phones .
