r'Does the word "defeat" mean the same thing in sentences "The army \'s only defeat." and "It was a narrow defeat."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "groom" mean the same thing in sentences "Sheila groomed the horse." and "Groom the dogs."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "penetration" mean the same thing in sentences "Any penetration, however slight, is sufficient to complete the offense." and "The penetration of upper management by women."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hit" mean the same thing in sentences "An interesting idea hit her." and "We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "deliberation" mean the same thing in sentences "A little deliberation would have deterred them." and "He was a man of judicial deliberation."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "navel" mean the same thing in sentences "You were not supposed to show your navel on television." and "They argued whether or not Adam had a navel."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "afforest" mean the same thing in sentences "Afforest the mountains." and "After we leave the quarry, we intend to afforest the land and turn it into a nature reserve."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "solve" mean the same thing in sentences "Did you solve the problem ?" and "Solve an old debt."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "purchase" mean the same thing in sentences "They closed the purchase with a handshake." and "They offer a free hamburger with the purchase of a drink."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "software" mean the same thing in sentences "The market for software is expected to expand." and "Did you test the software package to ensure completeness ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "push" mean the same thing in sentences "The army made a push toward the sea." and "Some details got lost in the push to get the project done."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bake" mean the same thing in sentences "This oven bakes potatoes." and "Idaho potatoes bake beautifully."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "relieve" mean the same thing in sentences "This pill will relieve your headaches." and "Relieve the pressure and the stress."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "style" mean the same thing in sentences "This style of shoe is in demand." and "In the characteristic New York style."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "crumb" mean the same thing in sentences "Crumb a cutlet." and "Crumb the table."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "include" mean the same thing in sentences "The list includes the names of many famous writers." and "I include you in the list of culprits."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "companion" mean the same thing in sentences "Drinking companions." and "His dog has been his trusted companion for the last five years."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reveal" mean the same thing in sentences "He revealed the children found." and "The actress wo n\'t reveal how old she is."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "presence" mean the same thing in sentences "She blushed in his presence." and "I \'m convinced that there was a presence in that building that I ca n\'t explain, which led to my heroic actions."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "relax" mean the same thing in sentences "The rules relaxed after the new director arrived." and "Do n\'t relax your efforts now."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "parity" mean the same thing in sentences "The parity of the mother must be considered." and "Parity is often used to check the integrity of transmitted data."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "raise" mean the same thing in sentences "Raise a barn." and "To raise a wall, or a heap of stones."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suspend" mean the same thing in sentences "The prison sentence was suspended." and "Suspend the particles."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "amass" mean the same thing in sentences "She is amassing a lot of data for her thesis." and "To amass a treasure or a fortune."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "term" mean the same thing in sentences "He learned many medical terms." and "A healthy baby born at full term."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "leash" mean the same thing in sentences "Kept a tight leash on his emotions." and "He \'s always gotten a long leash."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "conversion" mean the same thing in sentences "His conversion to the Catholic faith." and "The conversion of equations."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "making" mean the same thing in sentences "It was already in the making." and "The making of measurements."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "set" mean the same thing in sentences "They played two sets of tennis after dinner." and "Before the set of sun."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mate" mean the same thing in sentences "Camels hate leaving their mates." and "He lost the mate to his shoe."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "expression" mean the same thing in sentences "His manner of expression showed how much he cared." and "They stared at the newcomer with a puzzled expression."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rim" mean the same thing in sentences "Sugar rimmed the dessert plate." and "Rim a hat."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cure" mean the same thing in sentences "Cure hay." and "Cure meats."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rift" mean the same thing in sentences "The Grand Canyon is a rift in the Earth \'s surface, but is smaller than some of the undersea ones." and "My marriage is in trouble, the fight created a rift between us and we ca n\'t reconnect."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "swim" mean the same thing in sentences "A big fish was swimming in the tank." and "We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "quiet" mean the same thing in sentences "When you quiet, we can start talking." and "The teacher did her best to quiet the children down."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "top" mean the same thing in sentences "To be at the top of one \'s class, or at the top of the school." and "At the top of his profession."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "consultation" mean the same thing in sentences "Frequent consultations with his lawyer." and "A consultation of several medical specialists."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chiromance" mean the same thing in sentences "The Gypsies chiromanced." and "She refused to chiromance my fate."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bank" mean the same thing in sentences "The pilot had to bank the aircraft." and "Bank on your good education."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rag" mean the same thing in sentences "Rag ore." and "Rag that old tune."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "work" mean the same thing in sentences "Work is done against friction to drag a bag along the ground." and "Work equals force times distance."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "allowance" mean the same thing in sentences "A child \'s allowance should not be too generous." and "He objected to the allowance of smoking in the dining room."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "contact" mean the same thing in sentences "He used his business contacts to get an introduction to the governor." and "Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "virus" mean the same thing in sentences "He caught a virus and had to stay home from school." and "The virus of jealousy is latent in everyone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "humour" mean the same thing in sentences "She has a great sense of humour, and I always laugh a lot whenever we get together." and "The sensitive subject was treated with humour, but in such way that no one was offended."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "neighbor" mean the same thing in sentences "Fort Worth is a neighbor of Dallas." and "What is the closest neighbor to the Earth ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sinking" mean the same thing in sentences "After several hours of sinking an unexpected rally rescued the market." and "He could not control the sinking of his legs."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sneak" mean the same thing in sentences "Sneak a cigarette." and "Sneak a look."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fix" mean the same thing in sentences "Fix a race." and "Fix your eyes on this spot."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "impulse" mean the same thing in sentences "The total impulse from the impact will depend on the kinetic energy of the bullet." and "The impulse knocked him over."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fetish" mean the same thing in sentences "Common male fetishes are breasts, legs, hair, shoes, and underwear." and "I know a guy who has a foot fetish."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "seizure" mean the same thing in sentences "The search warrant permitted the seizure of evidence." and "The seizure of a thief, a property, a throne, etc."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pattern" mean the same thing in sentences "They changed their dietary pattern." and "The American constitution has provided a pattern for many republics."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "conscience" mean the same thing in sentences "He has no conscience about his cruelty." and "A person of unflagging conscience."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "demystify" mean the same thing in sentences "Let \'s demystify the event by explaining what it is all about." and "The article was written to demystify the mechanics of the internal combustion engine."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "team" mean the same thing in sentences "The IT manager leads a team of three software developers." and "We need more volunteers for the netball team."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "conduct" mean the same thing in sentences "To conduct the affairs of a kingdom." and "You can not conduct business like this."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "administer" mean the same thing in sentences "She administers the funds." and "Administer critical remarks to everyone present."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "abort" mean the same thing in sentences "He sent a short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the area." and "I wasted a year of my life working on an abort."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "glass" mean the same thing in sentences "We collected art glass." and "She collected old glass."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "oppose" mean the same thing in sentences "The board opposed his motion." and "The senator said he would oppose the bill."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "married" mean the same thing in sentences "We invited several young marrieds." and "My plan is to wait to have sex until i \'m married."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "utility" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ve bought a new disk utility that can recover deleted files." and "A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "passive" mean the same thing in sentences "` The ball was thrown \' is an abbreviated passive." and "` The ball was thrown by the boy \' uses the passive voice."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hold" mean the same thing in sentences "She always held herself as a lady." and "Hold in place."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bit" mean the same thing in sentences "A bit of rock caught him in the eye." and "A bit of paper."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "induce" mean the same thing in sentences "The ads induced me to buy a VCR." and "Induce a crisis."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "center" mean the same thing in sentences "They received messages from several centers." and "Convention center."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "morale" mean the same thing in sentences "After the layoffs morale was at an all time low, they were so dispirited nothing was getting done." and "Morale is an important quality in soldiers. With good morale they \'ll charge into a hail of bullets ; without it they wo n\'t even cross a street."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "security" mean the same thing in sentences "The head of security was a former policeman." and "Military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "picture" mean the same thing in sentences "Too often the narrative was interrupted by long word pictures." and "The author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "judge" mean the same thing in sentences "I can not judge some works of modern art." and "I judge a man \'s character by the cut of his suit."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cast" mean the same thing in sentences "The cast was praised for a fine performance." and "The cast would need a great deal of machining to become a recognizable finished part."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fire" mean the same thing in sentences "The gun fired." and "Do n\'t fire until you see the whites of their eyes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grab" mean the same thing in sentences "Grab power." and "This story will grab you."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "passion" mean the same thing in sentences "He has a passion for cock fighting." and "We share a passion for books."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "read" mean the same thing in sentences "The gauge read ` empty \'." and "Can you read Greek ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "roast" mean the same thing in sentences "To roast meat on a spit." and "Roast the turkey."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dress" mean the same thing in sentences "Fastidious about his dress." and "He came to the party in formal dress."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "miss" mean the same thing in sentences "The workers on the conveyor belt miss one out of ten." and "How could I miss that typo ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rerun" mean the same thing in sentences "Bush wants to rerun in 1996." and "We have to rerun the subjects -- they misunderstood the instructions."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "chip" mean the same thing in sentences "Chip a tooth." and "Be careful not to chip the paint."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "share" mean the same thing in sentences "To share a shelter with another." and "They share a language."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stone" mean the same thing in sentences "She had jewels made of all the rarest stones." and "A heavy chap who must have weighed more than twenty stone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "approach" mean the same thing in sentences "He approached the age of manhood." and "Would counsel please approach the bench ? asked the judge."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "restore" mean the same thing in sentences "To restore harmony among those who are at variance." and "Restore the emperor to the throne."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "election" mean the same thing in sentences "They celebrated his election." and "The results of the election will be announced tonight."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bell" mean the same thing in sentences "She heard the distant toll of church bells." and "Saved by the bell."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "logic" mean the same thing in sentences "By the logic of war." and "Economic logic requires it."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "drip" mean the same thing in sentences "My broken pen dripped ink onto the table." and "After putting oil on the side of the salad, the chef should drip a little vinegar in the oil."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "event" mean the same thing in sentences "In that event, the first possibility is excluded." and "He acted very wise after the event."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "approval" mean the same thing in sentences "Although she fussed at them, she secretly viewed all her children with approval." and "He bought it on approval."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "marmalade" mean the same thing in sentences "Lime marmalade." and "Thick cut marmalade."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dress" mean the same thing in sentences "I rose and dressed before daybreak." and "Parents must feed and dress their child."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "square" mean the same thing in sentences "A checkerboard has 64 squares." and "You can compute the area of a square if you know the length of its sides."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trip" mean the same thing in sentences "We made a trip to the beach." and "He took a trip to the shopping center."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "restraint" mean the same thing in sentences "The unlawful restraint of trade." and "He was a model of polite restraint."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "seating" mean the same thing in sentences "There is seating for 40 students in this classroom." and "There is plenty of comfortable seating."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "irony" mean the same thing in sentences "Irony is wasted on the stupid." and "The irony of Ireland \'s copying the nation she most hated."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "flare" mean the same thing in sentences "She could not control her flare of rage." and "The skirt had a wide flare."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "internationalize" mean the same thing in sentences "We internationalized the committee." and "Internationalize trade of certain drugs."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "favor" mean the same thing in sentences "To fall out of favor." and "She enjoyed the queen \'s favor."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sit" mean the same thing in sentences "She sat on the jury." and "I asked him to sit."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shore" mean the same thing in sentences "The river was shored by trees." and "Shore and buttress an old building."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "snorter" mean the same thing in sentences "A snorter of a sermon." and "The storm was n\'t long but it was a snorter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "government" mean the same thing in sentences "He had considerable experience of government." and "Tyrannical government."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "producer" mean the same thing in sentences "This microorganism is a producer of disease." and "Maine is a leading producer of potatoes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "step" mean the same thing in sentences "She is always stepping on others to get ahead." and "The architect wants to step the terrace."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lock" mean the same thing in sentences "She locked her jewels in the safe." and "If you put the brakes on too hard, the wheels will lock."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "interview" mean the same thing in sentences "My interviews with teenagers revealed a weakening of religious bonds." and "The reporter gave the witness an interview."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "estimation" mean the same thing in sentences "They had a high estimation of his ability." and "In my estimation the boy is innocent."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "backup" mean the same thing in sentences "He discovered a backup in the toilet." and "A traffic backup on the main street."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lubricate" mean the same thing in sentences "The liquid in this can lubricates well." and "Lubricate my car."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wash" mean the same thing in sentences "Wash the towels, please !" and "Dishwashers wash dishes much more efficiently than most humans."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nose" mean the same thing in sentences "The nose of the rocket heated up on reentry." and "The hound has a good nose."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "presence" mean the same thing in sentences "He sensed the presence of danger." and "He felt the presence of an evil force."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ceiling" mean the same thing in sentences "He put a ceiling on the number of women who worked for him." and "The dining room had an ornate ceiling."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ruin" mean the same thing in sentences "They explored several Roman ruins." and "You have brought ruin on this entire family."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bandage" mean the same thing in sentences "The nurse bandaged a sprained ankle." and "Bandage an incision."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "move" mean the same thing in sentences "We moved from our previous position." and "I was sitting on the sofa for a long time, I was too lazy to move."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "conflict" mean the same thing in sentences "This form of conflict is essential to Mann \'s writing." and "He noticed a conflict in the dates of the two meetings."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cookery" mean the same thing in sentences "Henry was not very good at cookery and most of his meals ended up burned." and "People are needed who have experience in cookery."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "image" mean the same thing in sentences "A movie is a series of images projected so rapidly that the eye integrates them." and "A public image is as fragile as Humpty Dumpty."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "beat" mean the same thing in sentences "The conductor set the beat." and "He heard the beat of a drum."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pitch" mean the same thing in sentences "Pitch the tent over there." and "Pitch a tent."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "marginalization" mean the same thing in sentences "The marginalization of literature." and "The marginalization of the underclass."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "plus" mean the same thing in sentences "Four plus three equals seven." and "Two plus two equals four."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "god" mean the same thing in sentences "Money was his god." and "He was a god among men."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "defang" mean the same thing in sentences "The snake was defanged." and "Defang the poisonous snake."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "school" mean the same thing in sentences "When the school day was done we would walk home together." and "The school was founded in 1900."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "enrich" mean the same thing in sentences "The oil boom enriched a lot of local people." and "Hobbies enrich lives."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "visibility" mean the same thing in sentences "That candidate does not have sufficient visibility to win an election." and "A windshield with good visibility."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "post" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ll post the news on the bulletin board." and "Post a sign."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "adhesion" mean the same thing in sentences "A heated hydraulic press was required for adhesion." and "The adhesion of Seville was decisive."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sister" mean the same thing in sentences "My sister married a musician." and "My sister is always driving me crazy."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "expose" mean the same thing in sentences "Expose your students to art." and "Expose the blanket to sunshine."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sound" mean the same thing in sentences "The beautiful sound of music." and "The sound of rain on the roof."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "jolt" mean the same thing in sentences "All the jars and jolts were smoothed out by the shock absorbers." and "The door closed with a jolt."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sketch" mean the same thing in sentences "Sketch the outline of the book." and "Sketch the building."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fill" mean the same thing in sentences "The mixer returned to the plant for another fill." and "There was not enough fill for the trench."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "depth" mean the same thing in sentences "Depth of a closet." and "The depth of the water."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "organize" mean the same thing in sentences "Organize a strike." and "Can you help me organize my files ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "gas" mean the same thing in sentences "The atmosphere is made up of a number of different gases." and "He stepped on the gas."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nonproliferation" mean the same thing in sentences "They protested that the nonproliferation treaty was just a plot to maintain the hegemony of those who already had nuclear weapons." and "Nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation are closely related goals."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rig" mean the same thing in sentences "They rigged the bomb to the ignition." and "Rig a ship."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "peace" mean the same thing in sentences "Peace came on November 11th." and "The roommates lived in peace together."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "drag" mean the same thing in sentences "Taxation is a drag on the economy." and "Too many laws are a drag on the use of new land."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "introduce" mean the same thing in sentences "A new word processor was introduced." and "Introduce the new neighbors to the community."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shtik" mean the same thing in sentences "His shtik made us laugh." and "Give him a shtik cake."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "history" mean the same thing in sentences "History takes the long view." and "All of human history."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "harness" mean the same thing in sentences "Harness the horse." and "Harness natural forces and resources."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "clatter" mean the same thing in sentences "Clatter of shutters." and "The clatter of iron wheels on cobblestones."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "religion" mean the same thing in sentences "Eckankar is a new religion but Zoroastrianism is an old religion." and "Islam is a major religion in parts of Asia and Africa."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "squash" mean the same thing in sentences "Somehow, she squashed all her books into her backpack, which was now too heavy to carry." and "We all managed to squash into Mum \'s tiny car."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sex" mean the same thing in sentences "Slime molds are sometimes erroneously said to have thirteen sexes." and "She did n\'t want to know the sex of the foetus."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "estimate" mean the same thing in sentences "He estimated what would be likely." and "I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "burst" mean the same thing in sentences "I blew the balloon up too much, and it burst." and "The bubble burst."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "relish" mean the same thing in sentences "He relishes their time together." and "I do n\'t relish the idea of going out tonight."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "twist" mean the same thing in sentences "Twist the strips of dough." and "Twist one \'s head."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "yacht" mean the same thing in sentences "You are a true yachtsman ! Are you a member of the local yacht club ?" and "Would you like to go sailing on my uncle \'s yacht ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "poison" mean the same thing in sentences "Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her." and "This mushrooms can poison."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "guard" mean the same thing in sentences "Guards must be good blockers." and "The left guard was injured on the play."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "unleash" mean the same thing in sentences "He unleashed his dog in the park." and "Unleash the dogs in the park."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "glorify" mean the same thing in sentences "You are glorifying a rather mediocre building." and "Glorify one \'s spouse \'s cooking."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "storage" mean the same thing in sentences "There \'s a lot of storage space in the loft." and "I′d recommend backing up these files to storage before reinstalling the operating system."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "region" mean the same thing in sentences "The equatorial regions." and "Here we enter the region of opinion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rock" mean the same thing in sentences "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church -- Gospel According to Matthew." and "There were rocks all over the garden."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "patch" mean the same thing in sentences "When ice skating, be sure to stay away from reeds, there \'s always thin patches of ice there and you could fall through." and "A patch of bad weather."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "zone" mean the same thing in sentences "There is a no-smoking zone that extends 25 feet outside of each entrance." and "The white zone is for loading and unloading only."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "score" mean the same thing in sentences "She scored high on the SAT." and "Score the SAT essays."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "scopolamine" mean the same thing in sentences "Someone sedated with scopolamine has difficulty lying." and "Transdermal scopolamine is used to treat motion sickness."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rake" mean the same thing in sentences "The enemy machine guns raked the roadway." and "Rake leaves."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "emphasis" mean the same thing in sentences "He used a yellow highlighter to indicate where to give emphasis in his speech." and "His emphasis on civil rights."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "explosion" mean the same thing in sentences "An explosion of laughter." and "The information explosion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "assume" mean the same thing in sentences "She assumed strange manners." and "Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "nightclub" mean the same thing in sentences "The gossip columnist got his information by visiting nightclubs every night." and "There are both gays and heteros in this nightclub."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "flex" mean the same thing in sentences "Flex a muscle." and "Flex your wrists."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nail" mean the same thing in sentences "The chemists could not nail the identity of the chromosome." and "Nail the board onto the wall."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "form" mean the same thing in sentences "They formed a company." and "Social groups form everywhere."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hoist" mean the same thing in sentences "Hoist a sail." and "Hoist the flags."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sacrifice" mean the same thing in sentences "The animals were sacrificed after the experiment." and "The general had to sacrifice several soldiers to save the regiment."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "summon" mean the same thing in sentences "Summon all your courage." and "Summon a lawyer."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bond" mean the same thing in sentences "Organic chemistry primarily consists of the study of carbon bonds, in their many variations." and "A $ 10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hem" mean the same thing in sentences "Let down the hem." and "It seeped along the hem of his jacket."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "right" mean the same thing in sentences "Mineral rights." and "We \'re on the side of right in this contest."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "feel" mean the same thing in sentences "The runner felt her pulse." and "I can feel the sadness in his poems."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "understand" mean the same thing in sentences "I understand him to be a good doctor." and "She did not understand her husband."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "have" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ve got a house in the country." and "I have a house and a car."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chop" mean the same thing in sentences "Chop meat." and "Chop a hole in the ground."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "massacre" mean the same thing in sentences "The massacre on St. Bartholomew \'s Day." and "St. Valentine \'s Day massacre."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "neck" mean the same thing in sentences "He admired her long graceful neck." and "The horse won by a neck."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "belt" mean the same thing in sentences "The rotund man had difficulty belting his pants, and generally wore suspenders to avoid the issue." and "Belt your trousers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "nature" mean the same thing in sentences "The true nature of jealousy." and "Matters of a personal nature."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pedal" mean the same thing in sentences "There are three pedals on manual cars, two on automatics." and "The pedal of a loom."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cinema" mean the same thing in sentences "This story would be good cinema." and "The cinema is right across the street from the restaurant."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stampede" mean the same thing in sentences "When he shouted ` fire \' there was a stampede to the exits." and "She and her husband would join in the general stampede. -W. Black."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "blind" mean the same thing in sentences "They had just moved in and had not put up blinds yet." and "He spent hours reading to the blind."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "totality" mean the same thing in sentences "The totality of war and its consequences." and "Appalled by the totality of the destruction."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "course" mean the same thing in sentences "The course was less than a mile." and "The course had only nine holes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "offing" mean the same thing in sentences "There was a ship in the offing." and "There was a wedding in the offing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "awareness" mean the same thing in sentences "I gradually passed from sleep to full awareness." and "The crash intruded on his awareness."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "remove" mean the same thing in sentences "He removed his children to the countryside." and "Remove a case to another court."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "snap" mean the same thing in sentences "He snapped his stick in anger." and "If you bend it too much, it will snap."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "style" mean the same thing in sentences "Style my hair." and "Style the dress."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dignity" mean the same thing in sentences "Showed his true dignity when under pressure." and "It was beneath his dignity to cheat."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "constellate" mean the same thing in sentences "Hills constellated with lights." and "The poets constellate in this town every summer."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "roll" mean the same thing in sentences "The ball rolled." and "To roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "footing" mean the same thing in sentences "They were on a friendly footing." and "On a friendly footing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "conjecture" mean the same thing in sentences "I explained it, but it is pure conjecture whether he understood, or not." and "The physicist used his conjecture about subatomic particles to design an experiment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mark" mean the same thing in sentences "His arrow hit the mark." and "I filled the bottle up to the 500ml mark."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "acknowledge" mean the same thing in sentences "The Crown Prince was acknowledged as the true heir to the throne." and "It is important to acknowledge the work of others in one \'s own writing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fall" mean the same thing in sentences "In the fall of 1973." and "When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pressure" mean the same thing in sentences "The public brought pressure to bear on the government." and "She has felt pressure lately because her boss expects her to get the job done by the first."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "identity" mean the same thing in sentences "She guessed the identity of his lover." and "The identity under numerical multiplication is 1."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "clear" mean the same thing in sentences "Clear your desk." and "Clear a debt."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tantrum" mean the same thing in sentences "Many parents become embarrassed by their children throwing tantrums in public places." and "She threw a tantrum."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "theme" mean the same thing in sentences "It was the usual ` boy gets girl \' theme." and "The theme is announced in the first measures."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "kettle" mean the same thing in sentences "To cook pasta, you first need to put the kettle on." and "There \'s a hot kettle of soup on the stove."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hedge" mean the same thing in sentences "Hedge the property." and "To hedge a field or garden."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "river" mean the same thing in sentences "Occasionally rivers overflow their banks and cause floods." and "The river was navigable for 50 miles."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "ingenuity" mean the same thing in sentences "Ingenuity is one of the characteristics of a beaver." and "Poverty is the mother of ingenuity."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suit" mean the same thing in sentences "A flush is five cards in the same suit." and "In bridge you must follow suit."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "security" mean the same thing in sentences "He held several valuable securities." and "We support the armed services in the name of national security."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "preferment" mean the same thing in sentences "The preferment went to the younger candidate." and "Preferment of charges."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "share" mean the same thing in sentences "We shared the cake." and "I \'d like to share this idea with you."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "follow" mean the same thing in sentences "She followed dinner with a brandy." and "These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "close" mean the same thing in sentences "Close a wound." and "Close a book."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "override" mean the same thing in sentences "The Congress promptly overrode the president \'s veto, passing the bill into law." and "Health considerations override financial concerns."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bump" mean the same thing in sentences "My car bumped into the tree." and "Bump and grind."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nest" mean the same thing in sentences "A nest of snipers." and "A nest of thieves."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "partition" mean the same thing in sentences "The Arab peninsula was partitioned by the British." and "Partition a room off."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "degree" mean the same thing in sentences "Murder in the second degree." and "A second degree burn."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "establishment" mean the same thing in sentences "The firm celebrated twenty years since their establishment by updating their look." and "He quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "shock" mean the same thing in sentences "Corn is bound in small sheaves and several sheaves are set up together in shocks." and "Subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "march" mean the same thing in sentences "The march of science." and "The march of time."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "derivative" mean the same thing in sentences "` electricity \' is a derivative of ` electric \'." and "The derivative of f : f(x ) = x^2 is f\':f\'(x ) = 2x."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reproach" mean the same thing in sentences "He brought reproach upon his family." and "Words of reproach."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fortune" mean the same thing in sentences "Whatever my fortune may be." and "It was as if fortune guided his hand."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cascade" mean the same thing in sentences "Progressing in severity as though a cascade of genetic damage was occurring." and "Separation of isotopes by a cascade of processes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "enterprise" mean the same thing in sentences "A growing enterprise must have a bold leader." and "A micro enterprise is defined as a business having 5 or fewer employees and a low seed capital."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "entertain" mean the same thing in sentences "He entertained the notion of moving to South America." and "Entertain interesting notions."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "exile" mean the same thing in sentences "They chose exile rather than assimilation." and "Men in exile dream of hope."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "union" mean the same thing in sentences "Lightning produced an unusual union of the metals." and "There is strength in union."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "topic" mean the same thing in sentences "He kept drifting off the topic." and "It was a very sensitive topic."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reading" mean the same thing in sentences "His main reading was detective stories." and "Suggestions for further reading."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "comply" mean the same thing in sentences "He complied with my instructions." and "You must comply or else !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "immunity" mean the same thing in sentences "He was granted immunity from prosecution." and "The prosecutor offered the lieutenant immunity for all the crimes he would testify having known to be planned by the elusive drug baron."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cloud" mean the same thing in sentences "Clouds of blossoms." and "He opened the door and was greeted by a cloud of bats."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "marshal" mean the same thing in sentences "Marshal facts or arguments." and "Marshal the troops."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "smokescreen" mean the same thing in sentences "Requesting new powers of surveillance is just a smokescreen to hide their failures." and "All that talk is just a smokescreen to disguise the fact that he has nothing to say."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "color" mean the same thing in sentences "Color has been a sensitive issue in many societies." and "She used a different color for the trim."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "channel" mean the same thing in sentences "Gutters carried off the rainwater into a series of channels under the street." and "Poison is released through a channel in the snake \'s fangs."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "climax" mean the same thing in sentences "The climax of the artist \'s career." and "The deathbed scene is the climax of the play."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "marry" mean the same thing in sentences "The minister married us on Saturday." and "A justice of the peace will marry Jones and Smith."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "penetrate" mean the same thing in sentences "She was penetrated with sorrow." and "The hikers did not manage to penetrate the dense forest."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "darkness" mean the same thing in sentences "His lectures dispelled the darkness." and "He moved off into the darkness."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "legitimation" mean the same thing in sentences "His parents \' subsequent marriage resulted in his legitimation." and "He has filial rights because he obtained letters of legitimation from the king."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sex" mean the same thing in sentences "The film contained no sex or violence." and "He wanted a better sex life."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "theology" mean the same thing in sentences "He studied theology at Oxford." and "Jewish theology."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "production" mean the same thing in sentences "The widget making machine is being used for production now." and "They export most of their agricultural production."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "void" mean the same thing in sentences "He voided the check and returned it." and "Void a plea."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "question" mean the same thing in sentences "There was a question about my training." and "There is no question about the validity of the enterprise."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fault" mean the same thing in sentences "It was John \'s fault." and "The fault lies with you."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rounding" mean the same thing in sentences "The error in the calculation was attributable to rounding." and "Taxes are rounded off to the nearest dollar but the rounding error is surprisingly small."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "devotee" mean the same thing in sentences "He was a devotee of Arnold Schwarzenegger." and "A devotee of classical music."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cancel" mean the same thing in sentences "The corrective feedback mechanism cancels out the noise." and "Cancel cheques or tickets."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "captain" mean the same thing in sentences "John Henry said to the captain, " A man ai n\'t nothing but a man. "." and "A captain of industry."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "signage" mean the same thing in sentences "The poor signage at Heathrow is only in English." and "The signage in the airport is designed to point the way clearly to important locations."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "despair" mean the same thing in sentences "One harsh word would send her into the depths of despair." and "He turned around in despair, aware that he was not going to survive."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "air" mean the same thing in sentences "Air travel involves too much waiting in airports." and "If you \'ve time to spare go by air."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "excursion" mean the same thing in sentences "Many summer excursions to the shore." and "While driving home I took an excursion and saw some deer."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "scan" mean the same thing in sentences "He made a thorough scan of the beach with his binoculars." and "You could see the tumor in the CAT scan."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "distress" mean the same thing in sentences "The patient appeared to be in distress." and "Originally distress was a landlord \'s remedy against a tenant for unpaid rents or property damage but now the landlord is given a landlord \'s lien."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "suppress" mean the same thing in sentences "This drug can suppress the hemorrhage." and "The rescue team managed to suppress the flow of oil by blasting the drilling hole."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "leakiness" mean the same thing in sentences "The leakiness of the boat made it dangerous to use." and "The leakiness of the roof."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "support" mean the same thing in sentences "She supported him during the illness." and "I support France in the World Cup."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "meter" mean the same thing in sentences "Meter the mail." and "Meter the flow of water."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "popularity" mean the same thing in sentences "His charm soon won him affection and popularity." and "This gallant laboring to avoid popularity falls into a habit of affectation. — Ben Jonson."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "face" mean the same thing in sentences "When he returned to work he met many new faces." and "An angry face."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "upset" mean the same thing in sentences "Everyone gets stomach upsets from time to time." and "The biggest upset since David beat Goliath."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shopping" mean the same thing in sentences "Went shopping for a reliable plumber." and "Does her shopping at the mall rather than down town."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wear" mean the same thing in sentences "Maternity wear." and "The tires showed uneven wear."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "substitute" mean the same thing in sentences "I had no shallots so I substituted onion." and "They tend to substitute for more mundane things."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "occasion" mean the same thing in sentences "On the occasion of his 60th birthday." and "At this point, she seized the occasion to make her own observation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gutter" mean the same thing in sentences "The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground." and "Gutter the buildings."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "homer" mean the same thing in sentences "Each of the pigeon fanciers released a homer at the same time." and "The first baseman hit a homer to lead off the ninth."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "break" mean the same thing in sentences "He broke the men \'s 100-meter record." and "Break a record."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suit" mean the same thing in sentences "If you take my advice, you \'ll file suit against him immediately." and "The family brought suit against the landlord."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pretension" mean the same thing in sentences "The town still puts forward pretensions as a famous resort." and "His pretension to the crown."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "scream" mean the same thing in sentences "Her screaming attracted the neighbors." and "He heard the scream of the brakes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "taker" mean the same thing in sentences "The study could not confirm the real percentage of drug takers in the country." and "She is known as quite a risk taker."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "corner" mean the same thing in sentences "The liquor store on the corner also sold lottery tickets." and "Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "zero" mean the same thing in sentences "The probability is 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000 — a number having five ciphers of zeros." and "The zero sign in American Sign Language is considered rude in some cultures."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "roominess" mean the same thing in sentences "Roominess in this size car is always a compromise." and "His unselfishness gave him great intellectual roominess."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "jump" mean the same thing in sentences "Every year, hundreds of people jump off the Golden Gate bridge." and "The parachutist did n\'t want to jump."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "drive" mean the same thing in sentences "He drives me mad." and "Can you drive this four-wheel truck ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "consist" mean the same thing in sentences "The payment consists in food." and "What does love consist in ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bleed" mean the same thing in sentences "I bled him." and "Bleed the radiators."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "opinion" mean the same thing in sentences "My opinion differs from yours." and "Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived. - Oscar Wilde."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "blood" mean the same thing in sentences "Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and carries away waste products." and "The ancients believed that blood was the seat of the emotions."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "satisfaction" mean the same thing in sentences "The chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction." and "The satisfaction of their demand for better services."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "adjoin" mean the same thing in sentences "I adjoin a copy of your my lawyer \'s letter." and "The living room and dining room adjoin each other."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "element" mean the same thing in sentences "To be in one \'s own element." and "Water is the element of fishes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bandwagon" mean the same thing in sentences "When they saw how things were going everybody jumped on the bandwagon." and "The gaudy bandwagon led the circus parade."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "setter" mean the same thing in sentences "Some crossword setters work for various newspapers under different pseudonyms." and "She has a spaniel and a red setter."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "palpitate" mean the same thing in sentences "His heart palpitated." and "When he just looks at me, my heart begins to palpitate with excitement."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cry" mean the same thing in sentences "Animal cries filled the night." and "A cry of rage."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "roll" mean the same thing in sentences "They rolled their eyes at his words." and "Roll a cigarette."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wade" mean the same thing in sentences "Wade the pond." and "Can we wade across the river to the other side ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "snap" mean the same thing in sentences "A cold snap in the middle of May." and "He can hear the snap of a twig."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "haul" mean the same thing in sentences "Haul stones from the quarry in a truck." and "Haul vegetables to the market."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "keep" mean the same thing in sentences "He is keeping three women in the guest cottage." and "Keep boarders."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "running" mean the same thing in sentences "The running of the engine is smooth." and "He has responsibility for the running of two companies at the same time."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ingenuity" mean the same thing in sentences "The pyramids demonstrate the ingenuity of the ancient Egyptians." and "A plot of great ingenuity."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tighten" mean the same thing in sentences "Tighten the wire." and "Please tighten that screw a quarter-turn."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "size" mean the same thing in sentences "The size of the building seemed to have increased since I was last there." and "Size gives body to a fabric."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bombshell" mean the same thing in sentences "News of the attack came like a bombshell." and "She was a blonde bombshell."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stay" mean the same thing in sentences "To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler." and "Some of her friends decided it was time to go home, but she wanted to stay on until sunrise."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "miss" mean the same thing in sentences "He misses his mother." and "I miss you ! Come home soon !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "press" mean the same thing in sentences "Put the ironing in the linen press." and "The press of business matters."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "dash" mean the same thing in sentences "He wooed her with the confident dash of a cavalry officer." and "He is preparing for the 100-yard dash."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "theory" mean the same thing in sentences "The architect has a theory that more is less." and "They killed him on the theory that dead men tell no tales."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "need" mean the same thing in sentences "God has no need of men to accomplish His work." and "She satisfied his need for affection."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "trade" mean the same thing in sentences "The bells traded places." and "Trade in an old car for a new one."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rendition" mean the same thing in sentences "They heard a live rendition of three pieces by Schubert." and "Often imitations are extended to provide a more accurate rendition of the child \'s intended meaning."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "celebrate" mean the same thing in sentences "To celebrate a birthday." and "Celebrate Christmas."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "account" mean the same thing in sentences "The paper was rejected on account of its length." and "Do n\'t do it on my account."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "answer" mean the same thing in sentences "Their answer was to sue me." and "His answer to any problem was to get drunk."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "movement" mean the same thing in sentences "The second movement is slow and melodic." and "Politicians have to respect a mass movement."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "impulse" mean the same thing in sentences "Profound religious impulses." and "He bought it on an impulse."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pause" mean the same thing in sentences "When telling the scary story, he paused for effect." and "We pause for station identification."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "intend" mean the same thing in sentences "She was intended to become the director." and "What do his words intend ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "efflux" mean the same thing in sentences "The efflux of matter from a boil can be painful." and "We all age through the efflux of time."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "devour" mean the same thing in sentences "She devoured his novels." and "She intended to devour the book."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "underlay" mean the same thing in sentences "Underlay the plate." and "To underlay a cut, plate, or the like, for printing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "retie" mean the same thing in sentences "She stopped walking for a moment to retie her shoe." and "Retie the string and make it strong enough now."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "retroversion" mean the same thing in sentences "Retroversion of the uterus." and "The teacher translated Latin texts into English which he gave to his students for retroversion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "drive" mean the same thing in sentences "Drive a car." and "Drive a car or bus."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "truncate" mean the same thing in sentences "Truncate a word." and "Truncate a series."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "conserve" mean the same thing in sentences "Energy is conserved in this process." and "Children must be taught to conserve our national heritage."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "manifestation" mean the same thing in sentences "A manifestation of great emotion." and "A manifestation of disease."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "major" mean the same thing in sentences "She is a linguistics major." and "She is a math major."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pocketbook" mean the same thing in sentences "The publishers brought out small format pocketbooks of the whole of their nature series \'." and "That car is too expensive for my pocketbook."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "site" mean the same thing in sentences "A good site for the school." and "The Israeli web site was damaged by hostile hackers."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "folly" mean the same thing in sentences "This is a war of folly." and "Trying to drive through a blizzard is the height of folly."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "deliver" mean the same thing in sentences "Deliver a captive from the prison." and "Render a verdict ( i.e., deliver a judgment )."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "heating" mean the same thing in sentences "The heating system was n\'t working." and "They have radiant heating."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chemistry" mean the same thing in sentences "Their chemistry was wrong from the beginning -- they hated each other." and "The chemistry of soil."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bank" mean the same thing in sentences "That bank holds the mortgage on my home." and "He sat on the bank of the river and watched the currents."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "spin" mean the same thing in sentences "Spiders spin a fine web." and "Spin silk."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "blur" mean the same thing in sentences "The fog blurs my vision." and "To blur a photograph by moving the camera while taking it."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "martini" mean the same thing in sentences "Will you join us at six o\'clock for martinis ?" and "My boss is out on another of his three martini lunches."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "consumption" mean the same thing in sentences "The fire \'s consumption of the forest caused ecological changes." and "The consumption of energy has increased steadily."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "recognition" mean the same thing in sentences "A politician whose recall of names was as remarkable as his recognition of faces." and "Experimental psychologists measure the elapsed time from the onset of the stimulus to its recognition by the observer."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "assume" mean the same thing in sentences "He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town." and "When will the new President assume office ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stretch" mean the same thing in sentences "Stretch the limits." and "Stretch out that piece of cloth."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "violence" mean the same thing in sentences "The violence of the storm, fortunately, was more awesome than destructive." and "The storm \'s violence."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "nose" mean the same thing in sentences "Keep your nose out of it." and "She has a cold in the nose."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "distance" mean the same thing in sentences "There is a long distance between Moscow and Vladivostok." and "The distance to Petersborough is thirty miles."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reserve" mean the same thing in sentences "Reserve me a seat on a flight." and "We managed to reserve a table at Maxim \'s."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "character" mean the same thing in sentences "A real character." and "The radical character of our demands."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "habit" mean the same thing in sentences "Owls have nocturnal habits." and "She had a habit twirling the ends of her hair."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "flight" mean the same thing in sentences "Birds are capable of flight." and "Take flight."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "coolant" mean the same thing in sentences "The atomic reactor used a gas coolant." and "He added more coolant to the car \'s radiator."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "beat" mean the same thing in sentences "I got beaten up by thugs on my way home." and "Beat the drum."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bravura" mean the same thing in sentences "The music ends with a display of bravura." and "In a final bravura the ballerina appeared to be floating in water."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "type" mean the same thing in sentences "The word ` element \' contains five different types of character." and "The capable type."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "station" mean the same thing in sentences "The responsibilities of a man in his station." and "Married above her station."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "die" mean the same thing in sentences "Their anger died." and "My secret will die with me !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sound" mean the same thing in sentences "Sound a certain note." and "Sound the bell."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "engage" mean the same thing in sentences "Make sure the gear is engaged." and "The teeth of one cogwheel engage those of another."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "yoke" mean the same thing in sentences "They threw off the yoke of domination." and "Under the yoke of a tyrant."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "excavate" mean the same thing in sentences "Carnegie had a lake excavated for Princeton University \'s rowing team." and "Excavate gold."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hearing" mean the same thing in sentences "They condemned him without a hearing." and "They make good music -- you should give them a hearing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "complexion" mean the same thing in sentences "Diphthongs are complexions of vowels." and "A rugged complexion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rein" mean the same thing in sentences "He reined in his horses in front of the post office." and "Rein a horse."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stretch" mean the same thing in sentences "A stretch of clear water." and "Beyond any stretch of his understanding."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "vagina" mean the same thing in sentences "The vagina is elastic enough to allow the passage of a fetus." and "The vagina receives the penis during coitus."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "unclothe" mean the same thing in sentences "She unclothed her innermost feelings." and "Unclothe your heart of envy."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tiger" mean the same thing in sentences "It aroused the tiger in me." and "He \'s a tiger on the tennis court."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "population" mean the same thing in sentences "They hired hunters to keep down the deer population." and "The population of New Jersey will not stand for this !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "smoke" mean the same thing in sentences "He \'s smoking his pipe." and "Do you smoke ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "spark" mean the same thing in sentences "A spark of decency." and "A spark of interest."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "notice" mean the same thing in sentences "He escaped the notice of the police." and "We received a notice to vacate the premises."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "clean" mean the same thing in sentences "Clean up before you see your grandparents." and "Clean your fingernails before dinner."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "population" mean the same thing in sentences "It is an estimate of the mean of the population." and "He deplored the population of colonies with convicted criminals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lot" mean the same thing in sentences "A lot of money." and "They were an angry lot."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "close" mean the same thing in sentences "Close up an umbrella." and "Close the circuit."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "concord" mean the same thing in sentences "Their ideas concorded." and "Both philosophers concord on this point."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "plant" mean the same thing in sentences "Plant a thought in the students \' minds." and "Plant fish."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wind" mean the same thing in sentences "He put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind." and "When there is no wind, row."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "plus" mean the same thing in sentences "A water molecule is made up of two hydrogen atoms plus one of oxygen." and "He is a real plus to the team."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "creation" mean the same thing in sentences "The restructure resulted in the creation of a number of shared services." and "From its creation the plan was doomed to failure."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "association" mean the same thing in sentences "His association of his father with being beaten was too strong to break." and "The host is not always injured by association with a parasite."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "evacuate" mean the same thing in sentences "After the earthquake, residents were evacuated." and "Evacuate the bottle."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "park" mean the same thing in sentences "The put the car in park and got out." and "There are laws that protect the wildlife in this park."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "grip" mean the same thing in sentences "A good grip on French history." and "He was in the grip of a powerful emotion."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "despair" mean the same thing in sentences "In the depths of despair." and "They were rescued from despair at the last minute."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grow" mean the same thing in sentences "The child grew fast." and "We grow wheat here."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "man" mean the same thing in sentences "He taught me to set up the men on the chess board." and "He awaited word from his man in Havana."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "map" mean the same thing in sentences "Sorrow was mapped on the mother \'s face." and "We have n\'t even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "perceive" mean the same thing in sentences "She finally perceived the futility of her protest." and "I could perceive the ship coming over the horizon."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "people" mean the same thing in sentences "There were at least 200 people in the audience." and "Old people."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "performance" mean the same thing in sentences "An inspired performance of Mozart \'s C minor concerto." and "We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "definition" mean the same thing in sentences "Exercise had given his muscles superior definition." and "The definition of a telescope."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pleasure" mean the same thing in sentences "He was tingling with pleasure." and "The pleasure of his company."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "refer" mean the same thing in sentences "Refer to your notes." and "Refer a bill to a committee."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "voice" mean the same thing in sentences "A singer takes good care of his voice." and "After the fire a still small voice. — 1 Kings 19:12."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "leviathan" mean the same thing in sentences "They were assigned the leviathan of textbooks." and "It was a leviathan among redwoods."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "endorse" mean the same thing in sentences "Endorse a new project." and "Endorse cheques."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "security" mean the same thing in sentences "Bankers are reluctant to lend without good security." and "The watch dog gave her a feeling of security."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "grace" mean the same thing in sentences "It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church." and "The Virgin lived in a state of grace."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hiccup" mean the same thing in sentences "He has the hiccups - give him a glass of water." and "There was a loud hiccup from the back of the room and the class erupted in laughter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "deliverable" mean the same thing in sentences "Under this contract the deliverables include both software and hardware." and "We packaged the deliverable, a program called FLOOD.EXE, in an installer file."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chance" mean the same thing in sentences "There is a 30 % chance of rain tomorrow." and "We ran into each other by pure chance."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "surrender" mean the same thing in sentences "The last Taleban fighters finally surrendered." and "The squatters had to surrender the building after the police moved in."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "twin" mean the same thing in sentences "The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse." and "Twin crystals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "submit" mean the same thing in sentences "The lawyers submitted the material to the court." and "I submit these plans for your approval."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "selection" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ve brought a selection of fine cheeses to go with your wine." and "The store carried a large selection of shoes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "patent" mean the same thing in sentences "I patented my idea." and "Should I patent this invention ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "enjoy" mean the same thing in sentences "The industry enjoyed a boom." and "Enjoy your holidays !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "overstate" mean the same thing in sentences "I think it is overstating matters to say that an hour online is spending all night on the computer." and "He was suggested not to overstate at the interview."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "salute" mean the same thing in sentences "A terrible stench saluted our nostrils." and "When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "execute" mean the same thing in sentences "The President executed the treaty." and "To execute a turn in ballet."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "end" mean the same thing in sentences "Both ends wrote at the same time." and "The phone rang at the other end."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "principle" mean the same thing in sentences "He will not violate his principles." and "A man of principle."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "baste" mean the same thing in sentences "Baste a hem." and "Baste a roast."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "calve" mean the same thing in sentences "The icebergs and glaciers calve." and "The whales calve at this time of year."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "construction" mean the same thing in sentences "During the construction we had to take a detour." and "She wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fill" mean the same thing in sentences "Fill the child with pride." and "The bucket filled with rain."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "replay" mean the same thing in sentences "We replayed the game." and "Replay a point."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fence" mean the same thing in sentences "We fenced in our yard." and "If we fence in that field, it will be a good pasture for a horse."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "efficiency" mean the same thing in sentences "She did the work with great efficiency." and "The efficiency of the planning department is deplorable."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "radiate" mean the same thing in sentences "Spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel." and "This plants radiate spines in all directions."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "back" mean the same thing in sentences "The car backed up and hit the tree." and "To back the oars."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "seize" mean the same thing in sentences "The movie seized my imagination." and "To seize a ship after libeling."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "test" mean the same thing in sentences "When the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions." and "The test was standardized on a large sample of students."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "steamroller" mean the same thing in sentences "The Senator steamrollered the bill to defeat." and "Steamroller the road."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "produce" mean the same thing in sentences "Produce a new play." and "The tree would not produce fruit."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "leg" mean the same thing in sentences "Dan wo n\'t be able to come to the party, since he broke his leg last week and is now on crutches." and "After six days, we \'re finally in the last leg of our cross-country trip."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "attest" mean the same thing in sentences "I attest this signature." and "When will the appraiser attest the date of the painting ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "attention" mean the same thing in sentences "The old car needs constant attention." and "She was the center of attention."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "richness" mean the same thing in sentences "The cut of her clothes and the richness of the fabric were distinctive." and "They studied forerunners of richness or poverty."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "kid" mean the same thing in sentences "They were able to send their kids to college." and "Kid gloves."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "purse" mean the same thing in sentences "He made the contribution out of his own purse." and "He and his wife shared a common purse."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "park" mean the same thing in sentences "Can you park right here ?" and "Park the children with the in-laws."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "month" mean the same thing in sentences "He paid the bill last month." and "July is my favourite month."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rotation" mean the same thing in sentences "The rotation of the dancer kept time with the music." and "Crop rotation."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "turnout" mean the same thing in sentences "The turnout for the rally." and "A large turnout for the meeting."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "silence" mean the same thing in sentences "When the motor stopped, the silence was almost deafening." and "He needed silence in order to sleep."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "shade" mean the same thing in sentences "They used umbrellas as shades." and "As the sun moved he readjusted the shade."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "patient" mean the same thing in sentences "The number of emergency patients has grown rapidly." and "The subject of a passive verb is usually a patient."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "probe" mean the same thing in sentences "If you probe further, you may discover different reasons." and "Probe an anthill."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "effect" mean the same thing in sentences "The effect of the hurricane was a devastated landscape." and "The magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "add" mean the same thing in sentences "This adds a light note to the program." and "To add numbers."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "apply" mean the same thing in sentences "He applied this racial slur to me !" and "The same laws apply to you !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "local" mean the same thing in sentences "The local seemed to take forever to get to New York." and "The expresses skipped my station, so I had to take a local."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "blow" mean the same thing in sentences "To blow a horse." and "Blow a horse."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "back" mean the same thing in sentences "The titles are printed on the backs of the books." and "The fall broke his back."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "swarm" mean the same thing in sentences "The garden was swarming with bees." and "There swarm bees in the garden."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "truth" mean the same thing in sentences "He was famous for the truth of his portraits." and "The situation brought home to us the blunt truth of the military threat."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "heat" mean the same thing in sentences "The massage heated her up." and "I \'ll heat up the water."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "progress" mean the same thing in sentences "Science has made extraordinary progress in the last fifty years." and "Great progress in the arts."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rascal" mean the same thing in sentences "If you have deer in the area, you may have to put a fence around your garden to keep the rascals out." and "That little rascal bit me !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "party" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'m throwing a huge party for my 21st birthday." and "The contract requires that the party of the first part pay the fee."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "affinity" mean the same thing in sentences "In anatomical structure prehistoric man shows close affinity with modern humans." and "The mysterious affinity between them."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "model" mean the same thing in sentences "The sculptor modelled the clay into the form of a dolphin." and "Model a head with clay."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suppress" mean the same thing in sentences "Hot blackcurrant juice mixed with honey may suppress cough." and "Suppress a yawn."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "give" mean the same thing in sentences "Give one \'s talents to a good cause." and "Give a divorce."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "defensibility" mean the same thing in sentences "They built their castles with an eye to their defensibility." and "Client complaints create a felt need for the defensibility of individual actions."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "afterthought" mean the same thing in sentences "This whole remodeling was an afterthought, we were only going to paint and call it good." and "The garage was an afterthought."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wave" mean the same thing in sentences "A heat wave." and "A wave of emotion swept over him."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "take" mean the same thing in sentences "Act seven, scene three, take two." and "The take must be repeated."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rail" mean the same thing in sentences "She railed against the bad social policies." and "Rail off the crowds from the Presidential palace."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "begin" mean the same thing in sentences "This economic measure does n\'t even begin to deal with the problem of inflation." and "You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "exploit" mean the same thing in sentences "He is exploiting the students." and "We must exploit the resources we are given wisely."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bitch" mean the same thing in sentences "Ann gossiped about me and mocked my work ; sometimes she can be a real bitch !" and "She said her son thought Hillary was a bitch."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "frost" mean the same thing in sentences "She frosts her hair." and "Frost the glass."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "kindling" mean the same thing in sentences "The kindlings of love." and "Go and collect some kindling."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "treat" mean the same thing in sentences "Treat him with caution, please." and "Treat the water so it can be drunk."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "screen" mean the same thing in sentences "Screen the suitcases." and "Screen the job applicants."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "magnitude" mean the same thing in sentences "They tried to predict the magnitude of the explosion." and "About the magnitude of a small pea."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hand" mean the same thing in sentences "He handed them the letter." and "Hand me the spoon, please."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "poor" mean the same thing in sentences "The poor are always with us." and "The urban poor need assistance."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "mistake" mean the same thing in sentences "Make no mistake about his intentions." and "He made a bad mistake."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sleep" mean the same thing in sentences "He did n\'t get enough sleep last night." and "We need to conduct an overnight sleep test to diagnose your sleep problem."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "impose" mean the same thing in sentences "I can not impose my opinion." and "I can not impose that I get what I want."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "roughness" mean the same thing in sentences "Men associate the roughness of nonstandard working-class speech with masculinity." and "The roughness of her voice was a signal to keep quiet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "feedstock" mean the same thing in sentences "Bio-materials may be substituted for petrochemical feedstocks as petroleum prices rise." and "The filtered extract of the mash is the feedstock for the fermenter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "round" mean the same thing in sentences "Hospital rounds." and "We enjoyed our round of the local bars."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "deuce" mean the same thing in sentences "The deuce with it." and "Love is a bodily infirmity... which breaks out the deuce knows how or why ( Thackeray )."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lodge" mean the same thing in sentences "We are lodging three foreign students this semester." and "Lodge a bullet in the table."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pillar" mean the same thing in sentences "A thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite." and "A pillar of smoke."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pluck" mean the same thing in sentences "She plucked the phone from her bag and dialled." and "Pluck the flowers off the bush."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tense" mean the same thing in sentences "Tense the rope manually before tensing the spring." and "Alternately relax and tense your calf muscle."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "inexperience" mean the same thing in sentences "Procedural inexperience created difficulties." and "I failed to get the job due to inexperience."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "show" mean the same thing in sentences "She shows her dogs frequently." and "All he had to show for four years of attendance at college was a framed piece of paper."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "narcolepsy" mean the same thing in sentences "Excitement induced narcolepsy caused him to sleep through the most important events of his life." and "He believes that narcolepsy is attributable to an inability to suppress REM sleep during waking."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cast" mean the same thing in sentences "Cast a spell." and "Cast lots."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "deck" mean the same thing in sentences "Deck the halls with holly." and "Wow, did you see her deck that guy who pinched her ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "heartbeat" mean the same thing in sentences "Music is the heartbeat of the people." and "New York is the commercial heartbeat of America."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cradle" mean the same thing in sentences "The cradle of liberty." and "He was taught from the cradle never to cry."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "path" mean the same thing in sentences "The path of a meteor, of a caravan, or of a storm." and "The hurricane demolished houses in its path."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "craft" mean the same thing in sentences "He learned his craft as an apprentice." and "He represented the craft of brewers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "change" mean the same thing in sentences "It is a refreshing change to meet a woman mechanic." and "He attributed the change to their marriage."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bar" mean the same thing in sentences "The street was lined with all-night bars." and "He drowned his sorrows in whiskey at the bar."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fact" mean the same thing in sentences "How much of the story is fact and how much fiction is hard to tell." and "Your fears have no basis in fact."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "header" mean the same thing in sentences "This wall has four header courses." and "Your header is too long ; " Local Cannibals " will suffice."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "host" mean the same thing in sentences "Viruses depend on the host that they infect in order to be able to reproduce." and "Atlanta was chosen to be host for the Olympic Games."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "set" mean the same thing in sentences "We set up the sprinkler." and "Set a broken bone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "disentangle" mean the same thing in sentences "How can I disentangle myself from her personal affairs ?" and "Can you disentangle the cord ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "debt" mean the same thing in sentences "I am in your debt." and "He is badly in debt."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "call" mean the same thing in sentences "The unions called a general strike for Sunday." and "I would not call her beautiful."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "raise" mean the same thing in sentences "Raise an army." and "We raise hogs here."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ply" mean the same thing in sentences "Ply the seven seas." and "Ply an axe."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "help" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ve printed out a list of math helps." and "He was a great help to me when I was moving house."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "underbelly" mean the same thing in sentences "The area by the canal is the underbelly of town - not something you \'d see in the guidebooks." and "The soft underbelly of the Axis- Winston Churchill."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "personality" mean the same thing in sentences "She is a Hollywood personality." and "The president has a unique personality."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "release" mean the same thing in sentences "A new release from the London Symphony Orchestra." and "The release of iodine from the thyroid gland."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "obstruction" mean the same thing in sentences "The filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan." and "Obstruction of justice."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "detest" mean the same thing in sentences "She detests politicians." and "I detest snakes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "triumph" mean the same thing in sentences "The agreement was a triumph for common sense." and "The triumph of knowledge."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "number" mean the same thing in sentences "Zero, one, -1, 2.5, and pi are all numbers." and "The word “ fifteen ”, the Arabic numeral “ 15 ”, and the Roman numeral “ XV ” are all numerals representing the number fifteen."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stock" mean the same thing in sentences "They will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter." and "He owns a controlling share of the company \'s stock."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "condition" mean the same thing in sentences "He conditions old cars." and "I condition my hair after washing it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "anesthetize" mean the same thing in sentences "The patient must be anesthetized before the operation." and "Anesthetize the gum before extracting the teeth."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "active" mean the same thing in sentences "` The boy threw the ball \' uses the active voice." and "The ball was kicked by Fred. would, in active voice, be " Fred kicked the ball. "."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lid" mean the same thing in sentences "His lids would stay open no longer." and "He raised the piano lid."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "raise" mean the same thing in sentences "He got a 3 % raise." and "The boss gave me a raise."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "scare" mean the same thing in sentences "A war scare." and "A bomb scare led them to evacuate the building."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "drive" mean the same thing in sentences "His drive and energy exhausted his co-workers." and "He sliced his drive out of bounds."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "step" mean the same thing in sentences "The police took steps to reduce crime." and "He paused on the bottom step."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "value" mean the same thing in sentences "I establish the colors and principal values by organizing the painting into three values -- dark, medium... and light - Joe Hing Lowe." and "The value assigned was 16 milliseconds."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "standing" mean the same thing in sentences "Of equal standing." and "A member in good standing."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "confront" mean the same thing in sentences "John confronted it with emergency measures." and "You must confront your opponent."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "assent" mean the same thing in sentences "He gave his assent eagerly." and "I will give this act my assent."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "refocus" mean the same thing in sentences "Refocus the image until it is very sharp." and "The group needs to refocus its goals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "precedence" mean the same thing in sentences "Family takes precedence over work, in an emergency." and "Its precedence as the world \'s leading manufacturer of pharmaceuticals."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bank" mean the same thing in sentences "He banked with Barclays." and "Where do you bank in this town ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "squeeze" mean the same thing in sentences "Increased expenses put a squeeze on profits." and "A gentle squeeze on the arm."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "light" mean the same thing in sentences "There was a light at every corner." and "They saw the light of the beacon."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "projection" mean the same thing in sentences "Our ukuleles have been designed to have superior sound and projection." and "A prime ingredient of public speaking is projection of the voice."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lover" mean the same thing in sentences "A lover of his country." and "A lover of fine wines."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "comparison" mean the same thing in sentences "To bring a thing into comparison with another." and "They made a comparison of noise levels."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pack" mean the same thing in sentences "The nurse packed gauze in the wound." and "You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "screen" mean the same thing in sentences "They put screens in the windows for protection against insects." and "A metal screen protected the observers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "press" mean the same thing in sentences "He pressed down on the boards." and "Press your thumb on this spot."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "irritate" mean the same thing in sentences "Aspirin irritates my stomach." and "Irritate the glands of a leaf."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "unemployed" mean the same thing in sentences "The unemployed are a growing portion of the population." and "The long-term unemployed need assistance."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "deflate" mean the same thing in sentences "The bad review of his work deflated his self-confidence." and "Deflate a balloon."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mold" mean the same thing in sentences "The furniture molded in the old house." and "Mold public opinion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "top" mean the same thing in sentences "Top trees and bushes." and "I do n\'t want to be bald, so just top my hair."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "freshness" mean the same thing in sentences "She loved the freshness of newly baked bread." and "The freshness of the air revived him."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dawn" mean the same thing in sentences "It was the dawn of the Roman Empire." and "The dawn of civilization."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "slave" mean the same thing in sentences "Art thou the slave that with thy breath hast kill\'d/ Mine innocent child ? Shakespeare. Much Ado About Nothing." and "His mother was his abject slave."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "march" mean the same thing in sentences "The march went up Fifth Avenue." and "It was a long march."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trim" mean the same thing in sentences "Trim lumber." and "They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "overwinter" mean the same thing in sentences "Shackleton \'s men overwintered on Elephant Island." and "Insects may overwinter in fallen fruit if it is not removed."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "analogy" mean the same thing in sentences "The operation of a computer presents and interesting analogy to the working of the brain." and "The models show by analogy how matter is built up."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wanton" mean the same thing in sentences "The young man wantoned away his inheritance." and "Wanton one \'s money away."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "escape" mean the same thing in sentences "They installed a second hatch as an escape." and "Their escape route."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "section" mean the same thing in sentences "He always turns first to the business section." and "No section of the nation is more ardent than the South."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "playbook" mean the same thing in sentences "The 1963 playbook leaves out the whole first scene." and "They borrowed a page from the playbook of the opposition."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "spin" mean the same thing in sentences "The car went into a spin." and "One of the planet \'s moons has a slower spin than the others."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cover" mean the same thing in sentences "This farm covers some 200 acres." and "When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "truth" mean the same thing in sentences "Hunger and jealousy are just eternal truths of human existence." and "He thought of answering with the truth but he knew they would n\'t believe it."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "splash" mean the same thing in sentences "Just a splash of whiskey." and "Her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "match" mean the same thing in sentences "These two copies are supposed to be identical, but they do n\'t match." and "Their interests did n\'t match, so it took a long time to agree what to do together."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "unearth" mean the same thing in sentences "The CIA unearthed a plot to kill the President." and "To unearth a secret."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bend" mean the same thing in sentences "The road bends to the right." and "Copper rods bend easily."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reason" mean the same thing in sentences "We are told that man is endowed with reason and capable of distinguishing good from evil." and "The reason I robbed the bank was that I needed the money."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "earth" mean the same thing in sentences "She sighed when the plane \'s wheels finally touched earth." and "The earth shook for several minutes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shower" mean the same thing in sentences "Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower ?" and "Her church group has planned an adoption shower."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "warm" mean the same thing in sentences "The soup warmed slowly on the stove." and "He came inside to warm up."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "render" mean the same thing in sentences "She rendered the French poem into English." and "To render Latin into English."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reunite" mean the same thing in sentences "Two of the members tried several times, but failed to reunite the band." and "After ten years apart, the band will reunite."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "decree" mean the same thing in sentences "The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed." and "The King only can decree."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "planting" mean the same thing in sentences "He ordered the planting of policemen outside every doorway." and "The landscape architect suggested a small planting in the northwest corner."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "slick" mean the same thing in sentences "The oil slick has now spread to cover the entire bay, critically endangering the sea life." and "Careful in turn three — there \'s an oil slick on the road."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "heartland" mean the same thing in sentences "The home counties are the Conservative heartland." and "It was in the heartland of the French wine growing areas."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gum" mean the same thing in sentences "These trees gum in the Spring." and "If you gum the tape it is stronger."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "handwriting" mean the same thing in sentences "She recognized his handwriting." and "Handwriting can be slow and painful for one with arthritis."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mail" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ll mail you the check tomorrow." and "I \'ll mail you the paper when it \'s written."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "instinct" mean the same thing in sentences "Altruistic instincts in social animals." and "Many animals fear fire by instinct."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "recourse" mean the same thing in sentences "His only recourse was the police." and "Have recourse to the courts."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "exchange" mean the same thing in sentences "Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable." and "All in all, it was an even exchange."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tube" mean the same thing in sentences "No mate, I am taking the tube !" and "In Paris the subway system is called the ` metro \' and in London it is called the ` tube \' or the ` underground \'."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "nature" mean the same thing in sentences "It is his nature to help others." and "They tried to preserve nature as they found it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "play" mean the same thing in sentences "He is playing his cards close to his chest." and "The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "alleviator" mean the same thing in sentences "Aspirin is an alleviator of headaches." and "Blessed is he who is an alleviator of suffering."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "involvement" mean the same thing in sentences "There was additional involvement of the liver and spleen." and "He escaped involvement in the accident."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "catch" mean the same thing in sentences "Did you catch that allusion ?" and "If you leave now you might catch him."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "communication" mean the same thing in sentences "A secret passageway provided communication between the two rooms." and "The node had established communication with the network, but had as yet sent no data."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "walk" mean the same thing in sentences "Walk with God." and "The patient can not walk yet."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "approach" mean the same thing in sentences "The approach of winter." and "He lost the hole when his approach rolled over the green."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "truth" mean the same thing in sentences "They debated the truth of the proposition." and "He told the truth."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "constituent" mean the same thing in sentences "Needs continued support by constituents to be re-elected." and "The animal constituent of plankton."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "demand" mean the same thing in sentences "The demand exceeded the supply." and "The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "smolder" mean the same thing in sentences "A smoldering fire." and "The remains of the bonfire were left to smolder for hours."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "place" mean the same thing in sentences "He placed the glass on the table." and "Place a bet."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "manage" mean the same thing in sentences "She managed her parents \' affairs after they got too old." and "The young violinist did n\'t manage her bow very well."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "iceberg" mean the same thing in sentences "The Titanic hit an iceberg and sank." and "Iceberg is still the most popular lettuce."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "demand" mean the same thing in sentences "The boss demanded that he be fired immediately." and "I demand to see the manager."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "react" mean the same thing in sentences "She reacts negatively to everything I say." and "The hydrogen and the oxygen react."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "symbol" mean the same thing in sentences "The lion is the symbol of courage." and "The lamb is the symbol of meekness or patience."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "identification" mean the same thing in sentences "The thief \'s identification was followed quickly by his arrest." and "Identification of the gun was an important clue."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pig" mean the same thing in sentences "The conveyor carried the pigs from the smelter to the freight cars." and "After the ill-advised trade, the investor was stuck with worthless options for 10,000 tons of iron pig."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "slice" mean the same thing in sentences "A slice of bread." and "A slice of the company \'s revenue."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "work" mean the same thing in sentences "He is working his servants hard." and "Work the body onto the flatbed truck."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pick" mean the same thing in sentences "Pick mushrooms." and "Pick flowers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "smear" mean the same thing in sentences "She smeared her lips with lipstick." and "Smear the wall with paint."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gesture" mean the same thing in sentences "This Web browser can be controlled with mouse gestures." and "The middle-finger gesture is really a nonverbal swear."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "charge" mean the same thing in sentences "The battle began with a cavalry charge." and "The wrestler \'s charge carried him past his adversary."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "discovery" mean the same thing in sentences "The purpose of the voyage was discovery." and "The defense argued that the plaintiff \'s discovery was inadequate."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "contribution" mean the same thing in sentences "He expected his contribution to be repaid with interest." and "I am proud of my contribution in advancing the project."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "manner" mean the same thing in sentences "Her dignified manner." and "What manner of man are you ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "value" mean the same thing in sentences "The dealer valued the book." and "Value the jewelry and art work in the estate."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "accept" mean the same thing in sentences "The cow accepted the bull." and "To accept the report of a committee."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fend" mean the same thing in sentences "The mountain climbers had to fend against the ice and snow." and "The youngsters had to fend for themselves after their parents died."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hour" mean the same thing in sentences "The hour is getting late." and "The hour grows late and I must go home."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "whiff" mean the same thing in sentences "The gust of air whiffed away the clouds." and "Whiff a pipe."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "runoff" mean the same thing in sentences "When there is very heavy rainfall on California hillsides over a prolonged period, there is almost always ensuing surface runoff." and "The runoff of nitrates is poisoning the lake."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "trouble" mean the same thing in sentences "The troubles in Northern Ireland." and "What is the trouble ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hear" mean the same thing in sentences "I heard a sound from outside the window." and "We must hear the expert before we make a decision."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "demonstration" mean the same thing in sentences "The lecture was accompanied by dramatic demonstrations." and "The lecturer shot off a pistol as a demonstration of the startle response."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "compass" mean the same thing in sentences "We compassed the earth." and "This writer attempts more than his talents can compass."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "see" mean the same thing in sentences "See that the curtains are closed." and "Do you see what I mean ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "arrange" mean the same thing in sentences "Arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order." and "Arrange my schedule."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "contact" mean the same thing in sentences "The surfaces contact at this point." and "The wire must not contact the metal cover."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "quest" mean the same thing in sentences "A quest for wealth." and "A quest for diamonds."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "edition" mean the same thing in sentences "The boy is a younger edition of his father." and "They issued a limited edition of Bach recordings."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fundus" mean the same thing in sentences "The uterine fundus." and "The fundus of the stomach."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grind" mean the same thing in sentences "Grind a lens." and "Grind the spices in a mortar."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trim" mean the same thing in sentences "Trim a shop window." and "Trim the christmas tree."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "overhaul" mean the same thing in sentences "Overhaul the health care system." and "You should overhaul your car engine."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "change" mean the same thing in sentences "After a brisk walk, I washed up and changed my shirt." and "Ask the janitor to come and change the lightbulb."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "populate" mean the same thing in sentences "Deer are populating the woods." and "Populate the forest with deer and wild boar for hunting."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "function" mean the same thing in sentences "Height is a function of age." and "Price is a function of supply and demand."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "brandish" mean the same thing in sentences "He brandished his sword at the pirates." and "Brandish a sword."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "outdoors" mean the same thing in sentences "She loves the outdoors." and "He wanted to get outdoors a little."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "line" mean the same thing in sentences "Trees line the riverbank." and "To line a copy book."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "satellite" mean the same thing in sentences "The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth." and "A spent upper stage is a derelict satellite."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reform" mean the same thing in sentences "The Church reformed me." and "Reform your conduct."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "study" mean the same thing in sentences "Anthropology is the study of human beings." and "He knocked lightly on the closed door of the study."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "age" mean the same thing in sentences "Old age is not for sissies." and "Age has n\'t slowed him down at all."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "version" mean the same thing in sentences "An experimental version of the night fighter." and "His version of the fight was different from mine."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pump" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'ve pumped over 1000 gallons of water in the last ten minutes." and "Pump the gas pedal."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cattle" mean the same thing in sentences "Do you want to raise cattle ?" and "So many head of cattle."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fly" mean the same thing in sentences "The pilot flew to Cuba." and "All nations fly their flags in front of the U.N."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shipment" mean the same thing in sentences "Shipment of hazardous waste on this route is strictly prohibited." and "We \'re expecting another shipment of oranges tomorrow."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shake" mean the same thing in sentences "These stories shook the community." and "Do n\'t shake your fist at me !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bone" mean the same thing in sentences "Bone the turkey before roasting it." and "I had to bone up on my Latin verbs before the final exam."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "start" mean the same thing in sentences "We simply could not start the engine." and "To start a stream of water."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pulse" mean the same thing in sentences "A transmitter pulsed by an electronic tube." and "Pulse waves."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "foundation" mean the same thing in sentences "There is little foundation for his objections." and "The foundation of a new scientific society."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "material" mean the same thing in sentences "Coal is a hard black material." and "The archives provided rich material for a definitive biography."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "foul" mean the same thing in sentences "She \'s fouled her diaper." and "To foul the face or hands with mire."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "buy" mean the same thing in sentences "She buys for the big department store." and "I \'m going to buy my father something nice for his birthday."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "coat" mean the same thing in sentences "When the dog shed its coat, it left hair all over the furniture and the carpet." and "A second coat of paint."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "resume" mean the same thing in sentences "Resume one \'s duties." and "Resume a title."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "answer" mean the same thing in sentences "The answers were in the back of the book." and "There is no simple answer to corruption."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "prize" mean the same thing in sentences "I prize these old photographs." and "We prize his creativity."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "deposit" mean the same thing in sentences "She deposits her paycheck every month." and "Deposit the suitcase on the bench."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "graduate" mean the same thing in sentences "This school graduates 2,000 students each year." and "Graduate a cylinder."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shade" mean the same thing in sentences "Shade your eyes when you step out into the bright sunlight." and "The butterfly wings shade to yellow."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "point" mean the same thing in sentences "He pointed to the empty parking space." and "Point a chimney."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lesson" mean the same thing in sentences "I hope this accident taught you a lesson !" and "The accident was a good lesson to me."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grace" mean the same thing in sentences "The conception of grace developed alongside the conception of sin." and "A beautiful figure which she used in subtle movements of unparalleled grace."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "negociate" mean the same thing in sentences "The parties negociated all night." and "Negociate securities."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "toehold" mean the same thing in sentences "His father gave him a toehold in the oil business." and "American diplomacy provided a toehold on which to proceed toward peace talks."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "garden" mean the same thing in sentences "This house has a swimming pool, a tent, a swing set and a fountain in the garden." and "Our garden is overgrown with weeds."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "protection" mean the same thing in sentences "The witnesses demanded police protection." and "They had no protection from the fallout."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "loosen" mean the same thing in sentences "Loosen the soil." and "Loosen the tension on a rope."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "discipline" mean the same thing in sentences "The offenders deserved the harsh discipline they received." and "He insisted on discipline among the troops."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "waste" mean the same thing in sentences "Waste a joke on an unappreciative audience." and "Waste heat."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "act" mean the same thing in sentences "He \'s acting strangely - I think there \'s something wrong with him." and "You should act like an adult."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "card" mean the same thing in sentences "I heard you do n\'t get carded at the other liquor store." and "They have to card anybody who looks 21 or younger."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "evoke" mean the same thing in sentences "This remark evoked sadness." and "Evoke sympathy."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "blanket" mean the same thing in sentences "There was a blanket of snow." and "The city woke under a thick blanket of fog."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "inundate" mean the same thing in sentences "The basement was inundated after the storm." and "The Dutch would sometimes inundate the land to hinder the Spanish army."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lump" mean the same thing in sentences "Do you want one lump or two with your coffee ?" and "A lump of coal."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "snag" mean the same thing in sentences "I snagged my stocking." and "Snag a bargain."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hollow" mean the same thing in sentences "Hunger had caused the hollows in their cheeks." and "He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "do" mean the same thing in sentences "Do n\'t behave like a fool." and "What makes her do this way ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "network" mean the same thing in sentences "Retirement meant dropping out of a whole network of people who had been part of my life." and "A network of canals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tad" mean the same thing in sentences "Not a tad of difference." and "A tad too expensive."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "avert" mean the same thing in sentences "How can the danger be averted ?" and "Avert a strike."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "receive" mean the same thing in sentences "His movie received a good review." and "These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "inwardness" mean the same thing in sentences "Inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has, painlessly, as a birthright." and "The sensitiveness of James \'s characters, their seeming inwardness."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cure" mean the same thing in sentences "The smoke and heat cures the meat." and "Cure pickles."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "speculation" mean the same thing in sentences "Speculations about the outcome of the election." and "He knew the stock was a speculation when he bought it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "minute" mean the same thing in sentences "You have twenty minutes to complete the test." and "He ran a 4 minute mile."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dereliction" mean the same thing in sentences "What he did was a terrible dereliction of duty." and "The new soldier did not clean his cabin and was scolded for dereliction and disobedience."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "interpretation" mean the same thing in sentences "The edict was subject to many interpretations." and "The report included his interpretation of the forensic evidence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "administer" mean the same thing in sentences "Administer an exam." and "Administer the last unction."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "juncture" mean the same thing in sentences "At that juncture he had no idea what to do." and "We \'re at a crucial juncture in our relationship."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "vow" mean the same thing in sentences "They took vows of poverty." and "The old hermit, up in the mountains, took a vow of silence."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "boil" mean the same thing in sentences "They brought the water to a boil." and "Add the noodles when the water comes to the boil."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "spike" mean the same thing in sentences "The second baseman sharpened his spikes before every game." and "The seismograph showed a sharp spike in response to the temblor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "puff" mean the same thing in sentences "He huffed and puffed as he made his way up the mountain." and "Puff a cigar."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "demand" mean the same thing in sentences "I demand an immediate explanation." and "I demand an explanation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "meet" mean the same thing in sentences "My proposal met with much opposition." and "Meet a need."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "synthesize" mean the same thing in sentences "The liver synthesizes vitamins." and "His operas synthesize music and drama in perfect harmony."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "flagship" mean the same thing in sentences "The retail company \'s store in London is their flagship." and "It is their flagship newspaper."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stringer" mean the same thing in sentences "A first stringer." and "A second stringer."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "thing" mean the same thing in sentences "Things are going well." and "I could n\'t tell what the thing was."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "carrier" mean the same thing in sentences "Refrigerated carriers have revolutionized the grocery business." and "The bonds were transmitted by carrier."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "foul" mean the same thing in sentences "Jones fouled for strike one." and "Foul the water."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ping" mean the same thing in sentences "My car was pinging until my last oil change." and "I \'ll ping my accountant -- April 15 is nearing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "receive" mean the same thing in sentences "The lady is receiving Sunday morning." and "Receive letters from the front."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rule" mean the same thing in sentences "Rule the margins." and "Rule one \'s temper."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "contrast" mean the same thing in sentences "The middle school teacher contrasted her best student \'s work with that of her weakest student." and "The students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tier" mean the same thing in sentences "A three tier wedding cake." and "Tier upon tier of huge casks."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stone" mean the same thing in sentences "Stone is abundant in New England and there are many quarries." and "Her face was as hard as stone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "zero" mean the same thing in sentences "The electromagnetic field does not drop all of the way to zero before a reversal." and "The temperature outside is ten degrees below zero."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "consolidation" mean the same thing in sentences "A consolidation of two corporations." and "The defendants asked for a consolidation of the actions against them."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "commit" mean the same thing in sentences "She committed herself to the work of God." and "Commit a random act of kindness."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "erase" mean the same thing in sentences "Her painful memories seemingly erased completely." and "Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sawmill" mean the same thing in sentences "The sawmill sells lumber to carpenters and sawdust to gardeners." and "He brought his portable sawmill and turned the old beams into interesting flooring."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "embarrassment" mean the same thing in sentences "The outcome of the vote was an embarrassment for the liberals." and "An embarrassment of riches."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "view" mean the same thing in sentences "He viewed the painting and praised the artist for his masterpiece." and "View a problem."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sincerity" mean the same thing in sentences "They demanded some proof of my sincerity." and "His sincerity inspired belief."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hair" mean the same thing in sentences "In the western world, women usually have long hair while men usually have short hair." and "He combed his hair."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "issue" mean the same thing in sentences "Politicians never discuss the real issues." and "She found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist \'s waiting room."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "square" mean the same thing in sentences "He squared his shoulders." and "Square the wood with a file."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "concentrate" mean the same thing in sentences "These groups concentrate in the inner cities." and "Population tends to concentrate in cities."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "leap" mean the same thing in sentences "The child leapt across the puddle." and "Leap into fame."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "relief" mean the same thing in sentences "The contributions provided some relief for the victims." and "He enjoyed his relief from responsibility."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "balance" mean the same thing in sentences "She has to balance work and her domestic duties." and "Balance the two weights."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "oxygenate" mean the same thing in sentences "After we oxygenated the river, the fish returned." and "Oxygenate blood."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "flame" mean the same thing in sentences "The person who posted an inflammatory message got flamed." and "The sky seemed to flame in the Hawaiian sunset."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "weather" mean the same thing in sentences "Wooden garden furniture must be well oiled as it is continuously exposed to weather." and "They were hoping for good weather."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "extension" mean the same thing in sentences "Most applications provide extensions for the files they create." and "Files with the.txt extension usually contain text."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "balance" mean the same thing in sentences "This final payment, or credit, balances the account." and "To balance a set of books."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cut" mean the same thing in sentences "He insisted that we give him the last cut before every deal." and "He played the first cut on the cd."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "disorder" mean the same thing in sentences "The army tried to prevent disorder when claims the elections had been rigged grew stronger." and "The class was thrown into disorder when the teacher left the room."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "object" mean the same thing in sentences "It was full of rackets, balls and other objects." and "The sole object of her trip was to see her children."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "part" mean the same thing in sentences "He tried to sing the tenor part." and "The first violin part in this concerto is very challenging."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "appeal" mean the same thing in sentences "Their appeal was denied in the superior court." and "An appeal to raise money for starving children."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "draft" mean the same thing in sentences "They served beer on draft." and "I have to revise the first draft of my term paper."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "plant" mean the same thing in sentences "He claimed that the evidence against him was a plant." and "The police used a plant to trick the thieves."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wall" mean the same thing in sentences "His back was to the wall." and "Competition was pushing them to the wall."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "space" mean the same thing in sentences "He said the space is the most important character in the alphabet." and "The first major milestone in space exploration was in 1957, when the USSR \'s Sputnik 1 orbited the Earth."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ice" mean the same thing in sentences "Americans like ice in their drinks." and "Look at the ice on that dame !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "outburst" mean the same thing in sentences "An outburst of heavy rain." and "The man let out an outburst of invective."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fix" mean the same thing in sentences "Fix the variables." and "Fix breakfast for the guests, please."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pizza" mean the same thing in sentences "Should we cook a frozen pizza for dinner ?" and "He ate a whole pizza !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bask" mean the same thing in sentences "The seals were basking in the sun." and "To bask in someone \'s favour."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "run" mean the same thing in sentences "Run riot." and "Run amok."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cream" mean the same thing in sentences "The cream of a collection of books or pictures." and "The cream of England \'s young men were killed in the Great War."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "channel" mean the same thing in sentences "They offer more than one hundred channels." and "A satellite TV channel."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "negate" mean the same thing in sentences "A pessimism that always negates." and "The investigation tending to negate any supernatural influences."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "navel" mean the same thing in sentences "Within the navel of this hideous wood, / Immured in cypress shades, a sorcerer dwells. — Milton." and "The Incas believed that Cuzco was the navel of the universe."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "resolution" mean the same thing in sentences "He always wrote down his New Year \'s resolutions." and "It was his unshakeable resolution to finish the work."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "guard" mean the same thing in sentences "There would be men guarding the horses." and "Guard my possessions while I \'m away."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "subscription" mean the same thing in sentences "My library subscription is about to expire." and "I have a monthly subscription to The Daily Telegraph newspaper."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stimulate" mean the same thing in sentences "Coffee and tea stimulate me." and "This herbal infusion does n\'t stimulate."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "catcher" mean the same thing in sentences "A catcher plays behind the plate." and "A catcher needs a lot of protective equipment."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "piracy" mean the same thing in sentences "How shoud the international community respond to Somali piracy ?" and "Air piracy."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chuck" mean the same thing in sentences "Chuck these old notes." and "This food ′s gone off - you′d better chuck it."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sewer" mean the same thing in sentences "All that work went down the sewer." and "A sewer of fine gowns."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "snapshot" mean the same thing in sentences "My snapshots have n\'t been developed yet." and "He carried a snapshot of his daughter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "say" mean the same thing in sentences "Did his face say anything about how he felt ?" and "What does this painting say ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "see" mean the same thing in sentences "See whether it works." and "The artist must first learn to see."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "face" mean the same thing in sentences "He \'s always stuffing his face with chips." and "Shut your face !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tune" mean the same thing in sentences "My piano needs to be tuned." and "To tune a piano or a violin."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "appreciate" mean the same thing in sentences "To test the power of bees to appreciate color." and "Do you appreciate the full meaning of this letter ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reach" mean the same thing in sentences "The water reached the doorstep." and "Can he reach ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "memory" mean the same thing in sentences "Memory is a facility common to all animals." and "He can do it from memory."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hit" mean the same thing in sentences "He hit her hard in the face." and "One boy hit the other."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sober" mean the same thing in sentences "Keep him in bed until he sobers up." and "She \'s in no state to go home by herself, so make sure she does n\'t drink anything else, and she \'ll soon sober up."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "truncation" mean the same thing in sentences "They were sentenced to a truncation of their limbs." and "It is an obvious truncation of the verse."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "analyze" mean the same thing in sentences "The inspector analyzed the building." and "Analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "remainder" mean the same thing in sentences "11 divided by 2 is 5 remainder 1." and "17 leaves a remainder of 2 when divided by 3."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "experiment" mean the same thing in sentences "The composer experimented with a new style." and "Students experiment sexually."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wrench" mean the same thing in sentences "Wrench one \'s ankle." and "Wrench a window off its hinges."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tenderness" mean the same thing in sentences "The best results are generally obtained by inserting the needle into the point of maximum tenderness." and "He noted her extreme tenderness when he touched the bruise on her thigh."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "honour" mean the same thing in sentences "His honour is at stake." and "She swore on her honour."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lash" mean the same thing in sentences "The whale lashes the sea with its tail." and "And big waves lash the frighted shores. — John Dryden."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "origin" mean the same thing in sentences "He comes from good origins." and "Jupiter was the origin of the radiation."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "constitutionalize" mean the same thing in sentences "A woman \'s right to an abortion was constitutionalized in the 1970 \'s." and "A good way of exercising is to constitutionalize."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "run" mean the same thing in sentences "Run a process." and "Run a subject."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "start" mean the same thing in sentences "I start at eight in the morning." and "Who will start ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "warrant" mean the same thing in sentences "The dealer warrants all the cars he sells." and "I warrant this information."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "enjoy" mean the same thing in sentences "Enjoy privileges." and "I plan to go travelling while I still enjoy good health."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dig" mean the same thing in sentences "My seven-year-old son always digs a hole in the middle of his mashed potatoes and fills it with gravy before he starts to eat them." and "Dig a hole."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pop" mean the same thing in sentences "Pop music, despite its commercial focus, includes many artistic gems." and "Listen to the pop of a champagne cork."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "spin" mean the same thing in sentences "He gave the crank a spin." and "He put some spin on the cue ball."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ribbon" mean the same thing in sentences "Sails torn to ribbons." and "A steel or magnesium ribbon."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tick" mean the same thing in sentences "He counted the ticks of the clock." and "Indicate that you are willing to receive marketing material by putting a tick in the box."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "network" mean the same thing in sentences "To get a job in today \'s economy, it is important to have a strong network." and "A railroad network."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "passing" mean the same thing in sentences "The coach sent in a passing play on third and long." and "The passing of winter."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "draft" mean the same thing in sentences "The final draft of the constitution." and "A preliminary draft."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stater" mean the same thing in sentences "Farm staters." and "Keystone stater."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "salvation" mean the same thing in sentences "Tourism was their economic salvation." and "They turned to individualism as their salvation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "generate" mean the same thing in sentences "The hydroelectric plant needs to generate more electricity." and "We ca n\'t generate enough power for the entire city."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crumb" mean the same thing in sentences "There were few crumbs of comfort in the report." and "He gave only a crumb of information about his plans."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "start" mean the same thing in sentences "They got an early start." and "It was off to a good start."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "takeaway" mean the same thing in sentences "If you \'re hungry, there \'s a takeaway just around the corner." and "In England they call takeout food ` takeaway \'."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wind" mean the same thing in sentences "The river winds through the hills." and "Wind your watch."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "attack" mean the same thing in sentences "The cancer cells are attacking his liver." and "The visiting team started to attack."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "discourage" mean the same thing in sentences "Do n\'t be discouraged by the amount of work left to do : you \'ll finish it in good time." and "We should discourage this practice among our youth."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "issue" mean the same thing in sentences "The last issue of penicillin was over a month ago." and "He died without issue."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trip" mean the same thing in sentences "An acid trip." and "He recited the whole poem without a single trip."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "blue" mean the same thing in sentences "She was wearing blue." and "The boys in blue marched to the pipers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "relation" mean the same thing in sentences "He has distant relations back in New Jersey." and "He was the hero according to his own relation."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "work" mean the same thing in sentences "Work the metal." and "Work stone into tools."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "check" mean the same thing in sentences "Check your facts." and "Check the spelling of this word."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "channel" mean the same thing in sentences "Channel information towards a broad audience." and "We will channel the traffic to the left with these cones."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "enclosure" mean the same thing in sentences "The winning horse was first into the unsaddling enclosure." and "He faced punishment for creating the fenced enclosure in a public park."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "third" mean the same thing in sentences "The play ended with Jones standing on third." and "He was cut down on a close play at third."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "influence" mean the same thing in sentences "The influence of mechanical action." and "Her wishes had a great influence on his thinking."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hi" mean the same thing in sentences "Hi, how are you ?" and "I just dropped by to say “ hi ”."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "infamy" mean the same thing in sentences "Infamy, infamy - they \'ve all got it in for me ! - Kenneth Williams as Julius Caesar in Carry On Cleo." and "A date which will live in infamy - Franklin D. Roosevelt in response to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "handcart" mean the same thing in sentences "Vendors were selling sunglasses, bagged snacks, and sundry other items from handcarts in the square." and "He used a handcart to carry the rocks away."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fuckup" mean the same thing in sentences "Forgetting our anniversary was a major fuckup." and "You \'ve got to fire that fuckup."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "difference" mean the same thing in sentences "There are many differences between jazz and rock." and "You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "problem" mean the same thing in sentences "She and her husband are having problems." and "What \'s the problem ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fantasy" mean the same thing in sentences "She made a lot of money writing romantic fantasies." and "A schoolgirl fantasy."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mingle" mean the same thing in sentences "Resourcefully he mingled music and dance." and "He was about to mingle in an unpleasant affair."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "luck" mean the same thing in sentences "The raffle is just a matter of luck." and "Sometimes it takes a bit of luck to get success."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stampede" mean the same thing in sentences "The tavern owners stampeded us into overeating." and "Thunderbolts can stampede animals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "value" mean the same thing in sentences "He has old-fashioned values." and "The value of a crotchet is twice that of a quaver."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "congener" mean the same thing in sentences "Lard was also used, though its congener, butter, was more frequently employed." and "The American shopkeeper differs from his European congener."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sculpt" mean the same thing in sentences "She is sculpting the block of marble into an image of her husband." and "Sculpt a swan out of a block of ice."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "curve" mean the same thing in sentences "The road curved sharply." and "To curve a line."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "do" mean the same thing in sentences "She did a little dance." and "All you ever do is surf the Internet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crook" mean the same thing in sentences "She held the baby in the crook of her arm." and "A crook in the path."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fit" mean the same thing in sentences "He threw a fit when his car broke down." and "He had a laughing fit which lasted more than ten minutes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tack" mean the same thing in sentences "The boat tacked." and "The sailors decided to tack the boat."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "disaster" mean the same thing in sentences "His policies were a disaster." and "The earthquake was a disaster."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fiddle" mean the same thing in sentences "Zuckerman fiddled that song very nicely." and "The reporter fiddle with the facts."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "witness" mean the same thing in sentences "As a witness to the event, I can tell you that he really said that." and "She can bear witness, since she was there at the time."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "organization" mean the same thing in sentences "His compulsive organization was not an endearing quality." and "Over time, the spontaneous movement had become an organization."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "steam" mean the same thing in sentences "It really steams me to see her treat him like that." and "Steam and clean the upholstered sofa."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "submission" mean the same thing in sentences "Several of his submissions were rejected by publishers." and "What was the date of submission of your proposal ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lead" mean the same thing in sentences "The children were playing with lead soldiers." and "The lead was in the dummy."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "elaborate" mean the same thing in sentences "She elaborated on the main ideas in her dissertation." and "What do you mean you did n\'t come home last night ? Would you care to elaborate ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pass" mean the same thing in sentences "The sports car passed all the trucks." and "He attempted the examination, but did not expect to pass."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bake" mean the same thing in sentences "Bake a cake." and "Potatoes bake to a crisp in the oven."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "foot" mean the same thing in sentences "To foot ( or foot up ) an account." and "Foot the bill."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sufficiency" mean the same thing in sentences "Her father questioned the young suitor \'s sufficiency." and "He questioned the sufficiency of human intelligence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reorganization" mean the same thing in sentences "After the takeover there was a thorough reorganization." and "The reorganization was prescribed by federal bankruptcy laws."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "ship" mean the same thing in sentences "To ship the tiller or rudder." and "Ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tone" mean the same thing in sentences "They tested his hearing with pure tones of different frequencies." and "A clergyman improved the tone of the meeting."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "responsibility" mean the same thing in sentences "Why did n\'t you clean the house ? That was your responsibility !" and "Every right implies a responsibility."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "career" mean the same thing in sentences "The general had had a distinguished career." and "He had a long career in the law."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "increase" mean the same thing in sentences "The increase in unemployment." and "They proposed an increase of 15 percent in the fare."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "law" mean the same thing in sentences "The laws of thermodynamics." and "The law came looking for him."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "here" mean the same thing in sentences "An Alzheimer patient \'s in here may in his mind be anywhere he called home in the time he presently re-lives." and "Where do we go from here ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "water" mean the same thing in sentences "His eyes were watering." and "The smell of fried onions makes my mouth water."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "desire" mean the same thing in sentences "A man of many desires." and "Too much desire can seriously affect one \'s judgment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "capacity" mean the same thing in sentences "The plant is working at 80 per cent capacity." and "The capacity of a hard disk drive is usually expressed in megabytes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "care" mean the same thing in sentences "Care had aged him." and "He wrote the manual on car care."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stretch" mean the same thing in sentences "During the Inquisition, the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack." and "Stretch my patience."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "vegetation" mean the same thing in sentences "Their holiday was spent in sleep and vegetation." and "Pleistocene vegetation."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hand" mean the same thing in sentences "Give the little lady a great big hand." and "He wanted to try his hand at singing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "delay" mean the same thing in sentences "He delayed the watering." and "Do n\'t delay your application to graduate school or else it wo n\'t be considered."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crystallize" mean the same thing in sentences "I crystallized the copper sulphate by slowly cooling a saturated solution." and "Crystallize minerals."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dig" mean the same thing in sentences "They dug an eight - foot ditch along the side of the road." and "In the wintertime, heavy truck tires dig into the road, forming potholes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stage" mean the same thing in sentences "It set the stage for peaceful negotiations." and "We are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "spray" mean the same thing in sentences "A spray of bullets." and "The bridesmaid carried a spray of lily-of-the-valley."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "effect" mean the same thing in sentences "The best way to effect change is to work with existing stakeholders." and "Effect a change."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "seat" mean the same thing in sentences "This classroom seats two hundred students." and "Seat a concert hall."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cheat" mean the same thing in sentences "My husband cheated on me with his secretary." and "Six years of a happy relationship, and then she had the nerve to cheat on me with a barman !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "extract" mean the same thing in sentences "I extracted a promise from the Dean for two new positions." and "To extract an essential oil from a plant."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sew" mean the same thing in sentences "Can the seamstress sew me a suit by next week ?" and "To sew money into a bag."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "liquidate" mean the same thing in sentences "The mafia liquidated the informer." and "Liquidate a company."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "relax" mean the same thing in sentences "He relaxed in the hot tub." and "Let \'s all relax after a hard day \'s work."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "begin" mean the same thing in sentences "She began Russian at an early age." and "Begin a new chapter in your life."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "corner" mean the same thing in sentences "The car corners." and "Corner the gold market."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "music" mean the same thing in sentences "You have to face the music." and "He fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "appropriation" mean the same thing in sentences "The necessary funds were obtained by the government \'s appropriation of the company \'s operating unit." and "A person \'s appropriation of property belonging to another is dishonest."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pickup" mean the same thing in sentences "She needed the pickup that coffee always gave her." and "Garbage pickup is on Mondays and Thursdays."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "declare" mean the same thing in sentences "His wife declared at once for moving to the West Coast." and "Declare dividends."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "name" mean the same thing in sentences "He named his demands." and "Name your accomplices !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "blaze" mean the same thing in sentences "They chipped off bark to mark the trail with blazes." and "The horse had a blaze between its eyes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pitch" mean the same thing in sentences "He was employed to see that his paper \'s news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors." and "It is hard to get this pitch off of my hand."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mash" mean the same thing in sentences "To mash on a bicycle pedal." and "Mash the garlic."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "clip" mean the same thing in sentences "He gave me a clip on the ear." and "Give him a clip round the ear !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "blaze" mean the same thing in sentences "Go to blazes." and "The blaze spread rapidly."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "warn" mean the same thing in sentences "I warned him not to go too far." and "I warn you against false assumptions."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "state" mean the same thing in sentences "Though legally single nations, many states comprise several distinct cultural or ethnic groups." and "He was in such a state you just could n\'t reason with him."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mold" mean the same thing in sentences "A gelatin dessert made in a mold." and "A lobster mold."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "drain" mean the same thing in sentences "We drained the oil tank." and "Please drain the sink. It \'s full of dirty water."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "yesterday" mean the same thing in sentences "Yesterday \'s technology." and "Yesterday \'s solutions are not good enough."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cook" mean the same thing in sentences "The apothecary cooked the medicinal mixture in a big iron kettle." and "My husband does n\'t cook."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "toast" mean the same thing in sentences "Toast bread." and "Let us toast the birthday girl !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "writing" mean the same thing in sentences "The doctor \'s writing was illegible." and "He turned the paper over so the writing would n\'t show."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "circuit" mean the same thing in sentences "The international tennis circuit." and "On the lecture circuit."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "series" mean the same thing in sentences "A comedy series." and "The Masterworks concert series."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "deify" mean the same thing in sentences "The people deified their King." and "These young men deify financial success."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "signal" mean the same thing in sentences "He awaited the signal to start." and "The victory was a signal for wild celebration."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "automation" mean the same thing in sentences "Automation replaces human workers by machines." and "This factory floor is a showcase for automation and robotic equipment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fire" mean the same thing in sentences "The boss fired his secretary today." and "The gun has only been fired two times."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "goal" mean the same thing in sentences "She failed in her goal to become captain of the team." and "The winning goal came with less than a minute left to play."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "register" mean the same thing in sentences "Did you register any change when I pressed the button ?" and "Did this event register in your parents \' minds ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "scrap" mean the same thing in sentences "These two fellows are always scrapping over something." and "Scrap the old airplane and sell the parts."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "protocol" mean the same thing in sentences "Safety protocols." and "Academic protocol."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "master" mean the same thing in sentences "Her pain completely mastered her." and "The methods can master the problems."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "scram" mean the same thing in sentences "Scram !" and "If you do n\'t scram, I \'ll leave instead !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "veil" mean the same thing in sentences "The forest fire was veiled by smoke, but I could hear it clearly." and "Women in Afghanistan veil their faces."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pitcher" mean the same thing in sentences "He has played every position except pitcher." and "Our pitcher has a sore arm."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "whang" mean the same thing in sentences "Whang the ball." and "Whang away at the school reform plan."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "predecease" mean the same thing in sentences "She predeceased her husband." and "Husbands usually predecease their wives."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bare" mean the same thing in sentences "Bare your feelings." and "Bare your breasts."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pickup" mean the same thing in sentences "Put out a pickup on that man." and "His car has a lot of pickup."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "gimmick" mean the same thing in sentences "A cheap promotions gimmick for greedy businessmen." and "It was a great sales gimmick."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "restoration" mean the same thing in sentences "The restoration of this medieval church involved undoing all the Victorian modifications." and "The restoration of this painting will take years."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "batch" mean the same thing in sentences "A batch of letters." and "We made a batch of cookies to take to the party."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "focus" mean the same thing in sentences "The focus of infection." and "In focus."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "socialize" mean the same thing in sentences "He never socializes with his colleagues." and "The old man hates to socialize."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "respect" mean the same thing in sentences "He is an intellectual giant, and I have great respect for him." and "Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rekindle" mean the same thing in sentences "Rekindle hopes." and "Rekindle her love."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "clean" mean the same thing in sentences "Clean the stove !" and "Can you clean the windows today ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "electricity" mean the same thing in sentences "The stage crackled with electricity whenever she was on it." and "They built a car that runs on electricity."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "season" mean the same thing in sentences "Season the chicken breast after roasting it." and "This trip will season even the hardiest traveller."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "brand" mean the same thing in sentences "Whenever Sally drinks her favorite beer, Coors \' brand image floods her senses with scenes of being on a hot beach drinking something refreshing." and "There \'s a new brand of hero in the movies now."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "plague" mean the same thing in sentences "Those children are a damn plague." and "A plague of grasshoppers."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "draw" mean the same thing in sentences "She drew water from the barrel." and "Draw water from a well."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hearth" mean the same thing in sentences "The hearth was black with the charcoal of many fires." and "They sat on the hearth and warmed themselves before the fire."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "makeup" mean the same thing in sentences "The two teams played a makeup one week later." and "She is wearing a lot of makeup."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "guard" mean the same thing in sentences "We let our guard down." and "The prison guard unlocked the door of the cell."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ring" mean the same thing in sentences "She had rings on every finger." and "I \'ll give you a ring when the plane lands."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "home" mean the same thing in sentences "A home for the elderly." and "A home for outcasts."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "string" mean the same thing in sentences "String pearls on a string." and "The child drew glass beads on a string."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "investment" mean the same thing in sentences "He made an emotional investment in the work." and "This job calls for the investment of some hard thinking."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "racket" mean the same thing in sentences "Power tools work quickly, but they sure make a racket." and "What \'s all this racket ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "susurrus" mean the same thing in sentences "The soft susurrus and sighs of the branches. — Longfellow." and "A soft susurrus of conversation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "process" mean the same thing in sentences "Process cheese." and "Process hair."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "edge" mean the same thing in sentences "He rounded the edges of the box." and "His voice had an edge to it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "glory" mean the same thing in sentences "He valued glory above life itself." and "The glory of the sunrise."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "direction" mean the same thing in sentences "He looked the other direction." and "They proposed a new direction for the firm."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "truss" mean the same thing in sentences "Trussed bridges." and "Truss the roofs."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "refer" mean the same thing in sentences "This plant can be referred to a known species." and "Refer a patient to a specialist."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bitch" mean the same thing in sentences "This problem is a real bitch." and "Karma \'s a bitch."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "loss" mean the same thing in sentences "The car was a total loss." and "Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "conflict" mean the same thing in sentences "This behavior conflicts with our rules." and "The two proposals conflict !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wax" mean the same thing in sentences "The moon is waxing." and "Wax the car."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "kilter" mean the same thing in sentences "Out of kilter." and "In good kilter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pop" mean the same thing in sentences "This popcorn pops quickly in the microwave oven." and "Pop the clutch."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stimulate" mean the same thing in sentences "The book stimulated her imagination." and "Stimulate my appetite."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "corrupt" mean the same thing in sentences "Socrates was accused of corrupting young men." and "Corrupt the morals."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "program" mean the same thing in sentences "You ca n\'t tell the players without a program." and "Working mothers rely on the day care program."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "vamp" mean the same thing in sentences "Vamp up an old speech." and "Vamp up an excuse for not attending the meeting."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "come" mean the same thing in sentences "This kind of accident comes when you are careless." and "Nothing good will come of this."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crush" mean the same thing in sentences "Ye shall not offer unto the Lord that which is bruised, crushed, broken or cut. --Lev. xxii." and "Crush an aluminum can."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "agony" mean the same thing in sentences "Being in an agony he prayed more earnestly. —Luke xxii. 44." and "An agony of doubt."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "extent" mean the same thing in sentences "The extent of his knowledge of the language is a few scattered words." and "The full extent of the law."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "room" mean the same thing in sentences "The rooms were very small but they had a nice view." and "Room for improvement."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "expression" mean the same thing in sentences "A sad expression." and "The expression of milk from her breast."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ticker" mean the same thing in sentences "To my surprise, the ticker showed that the deal had already gone through." and "I checked the prices on the ticker one last time before placing the trade."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "half" mean the same thing in sentences "You do n\'t know the half of it." and "Half an hour."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "consideration" mean the same thing in sentences "After much consideration, I have decided to stay." and "He showed no consideration for her feelings."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "walk" mean the same thing in sentences "I walk the dog every morning." and "I \'ll walk you to your car."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "height" mean the same thing in sentences "At the height of her career." and "She \'s at the height of her career."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "obstruct" mean the same thing in sentences "The trees obstruct my view of the mountains." and "Obstruct the path."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "disposition" mean the same thing in sentences "He has such a foul disposition." and "She has a sunny disposition."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suit" mean the same thing in sentences "To deal and shuffle, to divide and sort Her mingled suits and sequences. —." and "What suit is trumps ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "laughter" mean the same thing in sentences "Their loud laughter betrayed their presence." and "He enjoyed the laughter of the crowd."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "manhood" mean the same thing in sentences "A strapping youth poised on the brink of manhood." and "He feared the speedy decline of all manhood."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fertility" mean the same thing in sentences "In America the fertility rate of recent immigrants tends to be higher than that of native population." and "In most industrialized countries the fertility rate has dropped well below replacement rate."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stun" mean the same thing in sentences "The news stunned her." and "Stun fish."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "joke" mean the same thing in sentences "He told a very funny joke." and "I regarded his campaign for mayor as a joke."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "function" mean the same thing in sentences "A seemingly endless round of social functions." and "It was a black-tie function."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stem" mean the same thing in sentences "To stem a tide." and "Stem the tide."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "agency" mean the same thing in sentences "Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry." and "The agency of providence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "club" mean the same thing in sentences "He carried a club in self defense." and "He felt as if he had been hit with a club."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "half" mean the same thing in sentences "A century and one half." and "Half a loaf."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "batter" mean the same thing in sentences "To the dismay of his mother, the boy put his finger into the cake batter." and "The first batter hit the ball into the corner for a double."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "revival" mean the same thing in sentences "The revival of trade." and "A revival of a neglected play by Moliere."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "recognition" mean the same thing in sentences "He was unable to make his motion because he could n\'t get recognition by the chairman." and "He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "splash" mean the same thing in sentences "The painter put a splash of blue on the wall to make it more colorful." and "I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "prefer" mean the same thing in sentences "Some people prefer camping to staying in hotels." and "We prefer sleeping outside."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "expense" mean the same thing in sentences "He kept a careful record of his expenses at the meeting." and "At the expense of."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "alphabet" mean the same thing in sentences "The Greek alphabet has only twenty-four letters." and "In the first year of school, pupils are taught to recite the alphabet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "guy" mean the same thing in sentences "The guy \'s only doing it for some doll." and "A nice guy."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "categorize" mean the same thing in sentences "First, categorize incoming messages according to the needed actions." and "Children learn early on to categorize."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "step" mean the same thing in sentences "It \'s only a step to the drugstore." and "It is but a step."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fulfil" mean the same thing in sentences "My lady is positively fulfilled of grace." and "You made a promise, son, and now you must fulfil it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reshuffle" mean the same thing in sentences "The new Prime Minister reshuffled his cabinet." and "So as to prevent cheating, he was asked to reshuffle the cards."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "vent" mean the same thing in sentences "She vented her anger." and "He vented her frustration when he got home."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "girlfriend" mean the same thing in sentences "Marc went to the park with his girlfriend and watched the sunset with her." and "His girlfriend kicked him out."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "aroma" mean the same thing in sentences "The toilet was emitting a pungent, foul aroma." and "I love the aroma of cinnamon."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "inclination" mean the same thing in sentences "He walked with a heavy inclination to the right." and "Artillery must take account of a weapon \'s precise inclination."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "organization" mean the same thing in sentences "His organization of the work force was very efficient." and "This painting shows little organization at first glance, but little by little the structure becomes clear."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "record" mean the same thing in sentences "The lawyer has a good record." and "The track record shows that he will be a good president."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "immunity" mean the same thing in sentences "Immunity to criticism." and "Some people have better immunity to diseases than others."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shrink" mean the same thing in sentences "Can you shrink this image ?" and "Hot water will shrink the sweater."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "harvest" mean the same thing in sentences "Harvest the grapes." and "The Chinese are said to harvest organs from executed criminals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "washout" mean the same thing in sentences "As an actor, he was a complete washout, so he went back to accounting." and "It was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "land" mean the same thing in sentences "Good or bad land for growing potatoes." and "The land had never been plowed."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "day" mean the same thing in sentences "He deserves his day in court." and "Every dog has his day."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "salvation" mean the same thing in sentences "The salvation of his party was the president \'s major concern." and "In Islam, salvation is achieved by praying in the mosque to Allah and following the sunnah of Muhammad."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "service" mean the same thing in sentences "He accepted service of the subpoena." and "The service happened yesterday."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "throw" mean the same thing in sentences "She threw the blanket around the child." and "Throw accusations at someone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "clap" mean the same thing in sentences "The wings of the birds clapped loudly." and "Clap two boards together."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "denier" mean the same thing in sentences "Holocaust denier ( see : Wikipedia : Holocaust denial )." and "Global warming denier ( see : Wikipedia : Global warming denial )."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "carry" mean the same thing in sentences "This crime carries a penalty of five years in prison." and "To carry the war from Greece into Asia."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "separatism" mean the same thing in sentences "Separatism is a serious problem in Quebec." and "Demands for some form of separatism on grounds of religion have been perceived as a threat to mainstream education."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "good" mean the same thing in sentences "Among the highest goods of all are happiness and self-realization." and "Weigh the good against the bad."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bail" mean the same thing in sentences "The judge set bail at $ 10,000." and "He is out on bail."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "circuit" mean the same thing in sentences "We took a quick circuit of the park." and "A ten-day coach circuit of the island."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "spreader" mean the same thing in sentences "He used his knife as a spreader." and "Ellen used a spreader to butter her bagel."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "setup" mean the same thing in sentences "The classroom setup was simple and efficient." and "It takes time to learn the setup around here."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "product" mean the same thing in sentences "A product of lime and nitric acid." and "This is a product of lime and nitric acid."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "trail" mean the same thing in sentences "The bride \'s veiled trailed along the ground." and "You \'ll get your coat all muddy if you trail it around like that."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "walk" mean the same thing in sentences "The pitcher now has two walks in this inning alone." and "He had a funny walk."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "gang" mean the same thing in sentences "A gang of wires." and "Do a drop for the telephone gang through the ceiling of the wiring closet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "claimant" mean the same thing in sentences "Claimants of unemployment compensation." and "He was a claimant to the throne."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "avenue" mean the same thing in sentences "It promises to open new avenues to understanding." and "They explored every avenue they could think of."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "mellow" mean the same thing in sentences "The sun mellowed the fruit." and "These apples need to mellow a bit more."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "draw" mean the same thing in sentences "John only had four cards of the same suit ; he had a drawing hand." and "He played only draw and stud."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "control" mean the same thing in sentences "They instituted controls over drinking on campus." and "Measures for the control of disease."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "variation" mean the same thing in sentences "Any variation in his routine was immediately reported." and "An emery wheel is the modern variation of a grindstone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "amount" mean the same thing in sentences "The dogs need different amounts of food." and "The amount he had in cash was insufficient."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "man" mean the same thing in sentences "Students were manning the booths." and "We can not man all the desks."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "residence" mean the same thing in sentences "A person can have several residences." and "He refused to live in the governor \'s residence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "compel" mean the same thing in sentences "Logic compels the wise, while fools feel compelled by emotions." and "We compel all students to fill out this form."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "eclat" mean the same thing in sentences "They gave him more eclat than he really deserved." and "The eclat of a great achievement."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "slave" mean the same thing in sentences "A slave to cocaine." and "A slave to fashion."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "overreact" mean the same thing in sentences "Do n\'t overreact to the bad news -- take it easy." and "Please try not to overreact if she drives badly when she is first learning."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "zinger" mean the same thing in sentences "He always greeted me with a new zinger." and "She tried to think of some killer of an argument, a real zinger that would disarm all opposition."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tread" mean the same thing in sentences "For fools rush in where angels fear to tread." and "To tread land when too light."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lay" mean the same thing in sentences "Lay the books on the table." and "To lay a body in the grave."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "softening" mean the same thing in sentences "He observed the softening of iron by heat." and "Refrigeration delayed the softening of the fruit."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "drink" mean the same thing in sentences "Cynthia drank the wine." and "You can lead a horse to water but you ca n\'t make him drink."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "squeamishness" mean the same thing in sentences "He refused to allow squeamishness to deter him from his duty." and "The program was withdrawn because of the squeamishness of some viewers."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "date" mean the same thing in sentences "They hoped to get together at an early date." and "You may need that at a later date."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "oat" mean the same thing in sentences "The oat stalks made good straw." and "The main forms of oat are meal and bran."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "community" mean the same thing in sentences "A community is infinitely more brutalised by the habitual employment of punishment than it is by the occasional occurrence of crime ( Oscar Wilde )." and "They shared a community of possessions."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "period" mean the same thing in sentences "Death put a period to his endeavors." and "A change soon put a period to my tranquility."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "unlock" mean the same thing in sentences "I unlocked the door and walked in." and "Unlock the door."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fit" mean the same thing in sentences "I wanted to borrow my little sister \'s jeans, but they did n\'t fit." and "This piece wo n\'t fit into the puzzle."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bed" mean the same thing in sentences "He sat on the edge of the bed." and "The room had only a bed and chair."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "have" mean the same thing in sentences "She has $ 1,000 in the bank." and "Have a postdoc."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "resolve" mean the same thing in sentences "Can this image be resolved ?" and "I \'ll have to resolve the equation with the new values."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reading" mean the same thing in sentences "The teacher assigned new readings." and "He bought some reading material at the airport."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hope" mean the same thing in sentences "He was their best hope for a victory." and "In spite of his troubles he never gave up hope."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "digress" mean the same thing in sentences "She always digresses when telling a story." and "Do n\'t digress when you give a lecture."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "audience" mean the same thing in sentences "We joined the audience just as the lights went down." and "Someone in the audience began to cough."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "care" mean the same thing in sentences "The nurse was caring for the wounded." and "Do you care to try this dish ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "head" mean the same thing in sentences "The salmon are first headed and then scaled." and "Head the fish."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "tease" mean the same thing in sentences "She has a way of teasing men with her flirtatious behavior." and "Tease tissue for microscopic examinations."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "file" mean the same thing in sentences "File these bills, please." and "File one \'s fingernails."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "smoking" mean the same thing in sentences "Smoking is permitted." and "Smoking stinks."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "entrance" mean the same thing in sentences "She made a grand entrance." and "Her entrance attracted no attention whatsoever."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "game" mean the same thing in sentences "The game lasted two hours." and "He is serving for the game."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "gravity" mean the same thing in sentences "Gravity is weaker than electromagnetism, but affects all matter and energy." and "The more remote the body the less the gravity."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "scoop" mean the same thing in sentences "He used a scoop to serve the ice cream." and "He got a scoop on the bribery of city officials."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "determination" mean the same thing in sentences "His determination showed in his every movement." and "The determination of molecular structures."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stay" mean the same thing in sentences "Stay a bit longer -- the day is still young." and "You can stay with me while you are in town."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sustain" mean the same thing in sentences "She alone sustained her family." and "The money will sustain our good cause."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "contour" mean the same thing in sentences "The contours of the melody." and "It defines a major contour of this administration."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "child" mean the same thing in sentences "They had three children." and "My youngest child is forty-three."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "elaborate" mean the same thing in sentences "Could you elaborate on the plot for your novel for me ?" and "Elaborate a plan."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cradle" mean the same thing in sentences "He cradled the infant in his arms." and "Cradle gold."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "endorsement" mean the same thing in sentences "A star athlete can make a lot of money from endorsements." and "Companies sometimes pay millions for product endorsement by celebrities."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "vascularity" mean the same thing in sentences "Reduced bodyfat brought out the vascularity in his arms." and "A prominent vascularity."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grey" mean the same thing in sentences "The Confederate army was a vast grey." and "He was dressed in grey."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "interest" mean the same thing in sentences "How much interest do you pay on your mortgage ?" and "He has a lot of interest in vintage cars."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "inhale" mean the same thing in sentences "Inhale deeply." and "Inhale the fresh mountain air."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "symbol" mean the same thing in sentences "Chinese people use word symbols for writing." and "The eagle is a symbol of the United States."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mound" mean the same thing in sentences "They built small mounds to hide behind." and "They have a southpaw on the mound."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "genre" mean the same thing in sentences "The computer game Half-Life redefined the first-person shooter genre." and "The still-life has been a popular genre in painting since the 17th century."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "train" mean the same thing in sentences "Express trains do n\'t stop at Princeton Junction." and "Train of mourners."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "focus" mean the same thing in sentences "I believe I can bring the high degree of focus required for this important job." and "The controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "procurement" mean the same thing in sentences "I have a lot of experience in the procurement of construction materials and sub-contracts." and "He was responsible for the procurement of materials and supplies."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "mediate" mean the same thing in sentences "He mediated a settlement." and "Mediate between the old and the new."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bring" mean the same thing in sentences "Bring water to the boiling point." and "Bring comments."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stage" mean the same thing in sentences "The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies." and "All the world \'s a stage -- Shakespeare."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "account" mean the same thing in sentences "I ca n\'t account for the missing money." and "Passing grades account for half of the grades given in this exam."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pluck" mean the same thing in sentences "He plucked the strings of his mandolin." and "To pluck at somebody \'s sleeve."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "lighten" mean the same thing in sentences "She lightened the load on the tired donkey." and "Lighten the burden of caring for her elderly parents."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "chip" mean the same thing in sentences "Potato chip, tortilla chip." and "This cup has a chip in it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "evidence" mean the same thing in sentences "There is no evidence that anyone was here earlier." and "His trembling was evidence of his fear."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "yogi" mean the same thing in sentences "It \'s a yogi trick of some sort." and "Gurdjieff connects this type of breathing with yogi breathing."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wonder" mean the same thing in sentences "She wondered whether it would snow tonight." and "I wonder whether this was the right thing to do."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "colony" mean the same thing in sentences "An artists \' colony." and "The American colony in Paris."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "grain" mean the same thing in sentences "Wheat is a grain that is grown in Kansas." and "A grain of sugar."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rudeness" mean the same thing in sentences "The rudeness of the cabin gave it a rustic charm but little comfort." and "His rudeness was inexcusable."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stick" mean the same thing in sentences "Cigarettes are taxed at one dollar per stick." and "The policy so far is all stick and no carrot."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bench" mean the same thing in sentences "She placed the workpiece on the bench, inspected it closely, and opened the cover." and "Injuries have shortened the bench."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cap" mean the same thing in sentences "They established a cap for prices." and "We should put a cap on the salaries, to keep them under control."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "umbrella" mean the same thing in sentences "An air umbrella over England." and "Quick, grab that umbrella before you get rained on !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "seal" mean the same thing in sentences "Close the lid tightly to get a good seal." and "A coat of seal."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stir" mean the same thing in sentences "Stir the soil." and "Stir the soup."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "issue" mean the same thing in sentences "Water issued from the hole in the wall." and "Issue a new uniform to the children."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "subject" mean the same thing in sentences "The sergeant subjected the new recruits to many drills." and "He did not want to subject himself to the judgments of his superiors."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "repression" mean the same thing in sentences "The long repression of Christian sects." and "His goal was the repression of insolence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "property" mean the same thing in sentences "The president was concerned about the property across from the White House." and "Self-confidence is not an endearing property."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "flip" mean the same thing in sentences "Flip me the beachball." and "I do n\'t know what to do -- I may as well flip a coin !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "support" mean the same thing in sentences "The policy found little public support." and "The foundation provided support for the experiment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "charge" mean the same thing in sentences "That \'s a slanderous charge of abuse of trust." and "He was arrested on a charge of larceny."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "absorption" mean the same thing in sentences "The absorption of photons by atoms or molecules." and "The absorption of light, heat, electricity, etc."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "puddle" mean the same thing in sentences "There were puddles of muddy water in the road after the rain." and "His chair sat in a puddle of books and magazines."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "push" mean the same thing in sentences "Let \'s give one last push on our advertising campaign." and "Give the door a hard push if it sticks."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ply" mean the same thing in sentences "He plied his ax with bloody results." and "Ships ply the waters near the coast."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "slot" mean the same thing in sentences "The TV program has a new time slot." and "He followed the deer \'s slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "recapitulate" mean the same thing in sentences "Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny." and "Let \'s recapitulate the main ideas."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "slope" mean the same thing in sentences "The slope of a parabola increases linearly with x." and "He climbed the steep slope."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tap" mean the same thing in sentences "He was tapping his fingers on the table impatiently." and "Tap beer in a bar."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "simmer" mean the same thing in sentences "Simmering water." and "Simmer the sauce."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "past" mean the same thing in sentences "Reporters dug into the candidate \'s past." and "Past tense."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "mark" mean the same thing in sentences "Mark my words." and "Mark homework."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "hide" mean the same thing in sentences "Muslim women hide their faces." and "Hide the money."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "suggestion" mean the same thing in sentences "Suggestion often works better than explicit demand." and "It was a suggestion we could n\'t refuse."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "consolidate" mean the same thing in sentences "Consolidate one \'s gains." and "Consolidate one \'s hold on first place."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "remember" mean the same thing in sentences "Some remember better than others." and "After the shelling, many people lost the ability to remember."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "instill" mean the same thing in sentences "Her presence instilled faith into the children." and "Instill medication into my eye."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "curl" mean the same thing in sentences "She curled farther down under the covers." and "Curl my hair, please."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "holder" mean the same thing in sentences "A towel holder." and "Put your umbrella in the umbrella holder."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "news" mean the same thing in sentences "Did you listen to the news tonight ?" and "We watch the 7 o\'clock news every night."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "acknowledge" mean the same thing in sentences "She acknowledged his complement with a smile." and "In all thy ways acknowledge Him. - Proverbs 3:6."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "confidence" mean the same thing in sentences "Confidence is always borrowed, never owned." and "He took me into his confidence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "unload" mean the same thing in sentences "Unload the truck." and "To unload a ship."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gentrify" mean the same thing in sentences "Gentrify a row of old houses." and "Gentrify the old center of town."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pastime" mean the same thing in sentences "His main pastime is gambling." and "Sailing is her favorite pastime."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "loop" mean the same thing in sentences "The bicycle looped around the tree." and "Loop a rope."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "grind" mean the same thing in sentences "This bag contains espresso grind." and "A coarse grind of coffee."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "blow" mean the same thing in sentences "He blew a lot of money on his new home theater." and "Certain insects are said to blow."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "function" mean the same thing in sentences "The function of an auger is to bore holes." and "The function of a teacher."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "shape" mean the same thing in sentences "The vet checked to see what kind of shape the animal was in." and "He cut a square shape out of the cake."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "overcome" mean the same thing in sentences "He overcame his infirmity." and "You must overcome all difficulties."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "prime" mean the same thing in sentences "Prime a cannon." and "I need to prime these handrails before we can apply the finish coat."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "figure" mean the same thing in sentences "I ca n\'t figure if he \'s telling the truth or lying." and "He did n\'t figure her."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "fall" mean the same thing in sentences "A fall from virtue." and "The rise and fall of the tides."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "intimidate" mean the same thing in sentences "Her boss intimidates her." and "He \'s trying to intimidate you. If you ignore him, hopefully he \'ll stop."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chairperson" mean the same thing in sentences "Address your remarks to the chairperson." and "She was the chairperson of the board and she presided over the meeting."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pour" mean the same thing in sentences "Water poured onto the plants." and "Pour water over the floor."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "play" mean the same thing in sentences "She played nervously with her wedding ring." and "Play a hooked fish."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bootleg" mean the same thing in sentences "They were bootlegging whiskey." and "Bootleg tapes of the diva \'s singing."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "drip" mean the same thing in sentences "The constant sound of dripping irritated him." and "I put a drip of vanilla extract in my hot cocoa."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "plan" mean the same thing in sentences "The rebels had planned turmoil and confusion." and "Plan the new wing of the museum."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "knead" mean the same thing in sentences "I kneaded the dough into a loaf." and "Knead dough."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "commitment" mean the same thing in sentences "His business commitments took him to London." and "A man of energy and commitment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "stop" mean the same thing in sentences "The third baseman made some remarkable stops." and "It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "conduct" mean the same thing in sentences "He conducted us to the palace." and "Conduct an orchestra."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cord" mean the same thing in sentences "The burglar tied up the victim with a cord." and "The bundle was tied with a cord."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "complement" mean the same thing in sentences "A full complement of workers." and "The complement of 01100101_2 is 10011011_2."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pig" mean the same thing in sentences "The farmer kept a pen with two pigs that he fed from table scraps and field waste." and "He was a pig and his apartment a pigpen ; take-away containers and pizza boxes in a long, moldy stream lined his counter tops."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "complaint" mean the same thing in sentences "I have no complaints about the quality of his work, but I do n\'t enjoy his company." and "Do n\'t come too close, I \'ve got this nasty complaint."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "house" mean the same thing in sentences "They had a large carriage house." and "The house gets a percentage of every bet."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trial" mean the same thing in sentences "Most of these complaints are settled before they go to trial." and "He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "pull" mean the same thing in sentences "She took a pull on her cigarette." and "The pull up the hill had him breathing harder."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "finger" mean the same thing in sentences "Her fingers were long and thin." and "Human hands have five fingers : the thumb, the forefinger ( or index finger ), the middle finger, the ring finger and the little finger."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "record" mean the same thing in sentences "Coffee production last year broke all previous records." and "Chicago set the homicide record."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "moderate" mean the same thing in sentences "Moderate your speed." and "Moderate your alcohol intake."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "curve" mean the same thing in sentences "You should slow down when approaching a curve." and "She scribbled a curve on the paper."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "potentiate" mean the same thing in sentences "Potentiate the drug." and "These anti-depressants potentiate the analgesic action of opiates."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "circus" mean the same thing in sentences "The children always love to go to the circus." and "They used the elephants to help put up the circus."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "matter" mean the same thing in sentences "It matters that they left." and "It does not matter much."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "remount" mean the same thing in sentences "He remounted his horse." and "Remount a regiment."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "existence" mean the same thing in sentences "Laws in existence for centuries." and "The biggest tree in existence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "offspring" mean the same thing in sentences "Industrialism prepared the way for acceptance of the French Revolution \'s various socialistic offspring." and "She was the mother of many offspring."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "do" mean the same thing in sentences "Do nothing." and "Do research."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crispness" mean the same thing in sentences "Crispness of new dollar bills." and "The crispness of his reply."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "eligibility" mean the same thing in sentences "Eligibility of a candidate for office." and "Eligibility for a loan."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "possession" mean the same thing in sentences "Back then, people with psychiatric disorders were sometimes thought to be victims of demonic possession." and "The scoreboard shows a little football symbol next to the name of the team that has possession."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "asthmatic" mean the same thing in sentences "She is a chronic asthmatic." and "The painful gasps of a dying asthmatic."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "talk" mean the same thing in sentences "Susan talked with Rachel." and "Actions talk louder than words."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "trust" mean the same thing in sentences "He put more trust in his own two legs than in the gun." and "The experience destroyed his trust and personal dignity."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "refinement" mean the same thing in sentences "A man of intellectual refinement." and "He described a refinement of this technique."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bang" mean the same thing in sentences "Tiffany has long hair and bangs." and "The party went with a bang."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "look" mean the same thing in sentences "Look at my new car !" and "Do n\'t look in the closet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "appeal" mean the same thing in sentences "An appeal to the public to keep calm." and "An appeal for help."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "faddist" mean the same thing in sentences "The faddist magazines have been hyping that lately." and "He is such a fashion faddist."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "feeling" mean the same thing in sentences "I disliked him and the feeling was mutual." and "I had a feeling that she was lying."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "growth" mean the same thing in sentences "Growth was dampened by a softening of the global economy in 2001, but picked up in the subsequent years due to strong growth in China." and "The growth of population."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bother" mean the same thing in sentences "A bit of a bother." and "A spot of bother."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "proportion" mean the same thing in sentences "A building of vast proportions." and "An inordinate proportion of the book is given over to quotations."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "swing" mean the same thing in sentences "The party went with a swing." and "It took time to get into the swing of things."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "insufficiency" mean the same thing in sentences "Pointed out the insufficiencies in my report." and "The troops went hungry because of the insufficiency of their supplies."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "zap" mean the same thing in sentences "If it \'s not warm in the middle, zap it some more." and "Zap the enemy."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "processing" mean the same thing in sentences "The processing of newly arrived immigrants." and "The processing of ore to obtain minerals."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "mind" mean the same thing in sentences "I do n\'t mind your behavior." and "I would n\'t mind an ice cream right now."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "resemble" mean the same thing in sentences "This paper resembles my own work." and "The twins resemble each other."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "post" mean the same thing in sentences "In England they call mail ` the post \'." and "A soldier manned the entrance post."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "couple" mean the same thing in sentences "The engaged couple." and "He \'s coming for a couple of days."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "narrow" mean the same thing in sentences "The road narrowed." and "I can not narrow down the rules for this game."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tread" mean the same thing in sentences "She trod with care as the ground was slippery." and "To tread a path."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "divest" mean the same thing in sentences "The board of trustees divested $ 20 million in real estate property." and "The company decided to divest."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cultivate" mean the same thing in sentences "Cultivate your musical taste." and "Cultivate the land."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "communicate" mean the same thing in sentences "The disease was mainly communicated via rats and other vermin." and "Please communicate this message to all employees."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lash" mean the same thing in sentences "To lash something to a spar." and "Lash the horse."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "carpet" mean the same thing in sentences "A carpet of flowers." and "The larvae of some moths spin a web that resembles a carpet."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gravitate" mean the same thing in sentences "The stars gravitate towards each other." and "Boys gravitate towards girls at that age."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "knot" mean the same thing in sentences "Their muscles stood out in knots." and "The bird had a knot of feathers forming a crest."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wipe" mean the same thing in sentences "Brian wiped at the counter." and "Wipe the blackboard."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "street" mean the same thing in sentences "They walked the streets of the small town." and "He worked both sides of the street."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "look" mean the same thing in sentences "If looks could kill..." and "He gave me a dirty look."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "presidency" mean the same thing in sentences "Andrew Jackson expanded the power of the presidency beyond what was customary before his time." and "After many years as a party leader, she finally ascended to the presidency."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "den" mean the same thing in sentences "An opium den." and "A den of vice."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "vision" mean the same thing in sentences "He had a vision of his own death." and "He had a vision of the Virgin Mary."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "expedite" mean the same thing in sentences "He expedited the search by alphabetizing the papers." and "This should expedite the process."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "form" mean the same thing in sentences "The water formed little beads." and "When icicles start to form on the eaves you know the roads will be icy."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "freeze" mean the same thing in sentences "It \'s freezing in here !" and "Do n\'t go outside wearing just a t-shirt ; you \'ll freeze !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "circulate" mean the same thing in sentences "Blood circulates in my veins." and "The air here does not circulate."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "revamp" mean the same thing in sentences "They revamped their old house before selling it." and "They plan to revamp the historical theater in the old downtown."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "toke" mean the same thing in sentences "The boys took a few tokes on a joint." and "The artist took a thoughtful toke off the joint, then passed it along."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "agree" mean the same thing in sentences "They agreed about what should be done." and "I ca n\'t agree with you !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "device" mean the same thing in sentences "He would stoop to any device to win a point." and "The device is small enough to wear on your wrist."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "consensus" mean the same thing in sentences "Those rights and obligations are based on an unstated consensus." and "The lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "aggravate" mean the same thing in sentences "The defense made by the prisoner \'s counsel did rather aggravate than extenuate his crime. —Addison." and "To aggravate my woes. —Alexander Pope."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "knitting" mean the same thing in sentences "I find knitting very relaxing." and "She put down her knitting and went to answer the phone."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "adhere" mean the same thing in sentences "The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism." and "Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "retain" mean the same thing in sentences "The dam retains the water." and "I retain this drug for a long time."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cry" mean the same thing in sentences "I heard a cry from afar." and "A cry to arms."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "round" mean the same thing in sentences "Round the bend." and "Round the edges."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "spring" mean the same thing in sentences "The spring of a bow." and "The spring was broken."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sprinkling" mean the same thing in sentences "Baptized with a sprinkling of holy water." and "A sprinkling of grey at his temples."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "generation" mean the same thing in sentences "Dams were built for the generation of electricity." and "They had to wait a generation for that prejudice to fade."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "model" mean the same thing in sentences "Model the latest fashion." and "Model an airplane."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "pride" mean the same thing in sentences "He took pride in his work." and "He had pride of ownership in his department."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "occupy" mean the same thing in sentences "He occupies the position of manager." and "The young prince will soon occupy the throne."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "view" mean the same thing in sentences "He took the computer with a view to pawning it." and "If there are any rabbits in this park, they keep carefully out of our view."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "baseline" mean the same thing in sentences "The established a baseline for the budget." and "The ref missed the call. The ball hit the baseline."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "program" mean the same thing in sentences "The program lasted more than two hours." and "He proposed an elaborate program of public works."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "manner" mean the same thing in sentences "His rapid manner of talking." and "All manner of persons participate."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "crack" mean the same thing in sentences "The crack of a whip." and "The crack of the bat hitting the ball."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sweep" mean the same thing in sentences "Her new show dog swept all championships." and "Please sweep the floor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "overdrive" mean the same thing in sentences "Melissa \'s brain was in overdrive." and "Troops are ready to go into overdrive as soon as the signal is given."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "moon" mean the same thing in sentences "He made a moon lamp that he used as a night light." and "The clock had a moon that showed various phases."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "zero" mean the same thing in sentences "Write 0.0 to indicate a floating point number rather than the integer zero." and "In unary and k - adic notation in general, zero is the empty string."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "deceleration" mean the same thing in sentences "He initiated deceleration by braking." and "The rocket is now in deceleration."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "concoction" mean the same thing in sentences "It suddenly spewed out a thick green concoction." and "He volunteered to taste her latest concoction."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lifeline" mean the same thing in sentences "The airlift provided a lifeline for Berlin." and "She offered me a lifeline in my time of grief."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gospel" mean the same thing in sentences "Newton \'s writings were gospel for those who followed." and "His word was gospel."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "failure" mean the same thing in sentences "He resented my failure to return his call." and "The mechanic \'s failure to check the brakes."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "course" mean the same thing in sentences "We offer seafood as the first course." and "The course of the river."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "note" mean the same thing in sentences "I had to co-sign his note at the bank." and "The singer held the note too long."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "prepare" mean the same thing in sentences "Prepare a report." and "Prepare a speech."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "array" mean the same thing in sentences "Drawn up in battle array." and "An array of troops in battle order."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "buster" mean the same thing in sentences "Crime buster." and "Dam buster."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "sell" mean the same thing in sentences "He sold his house in January." and "I \'ll sell you all three for a hundred dollars."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "point" mean the same thing in sentences "The point of the arrow was due north." and "A point is defined by its coordinates."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nick" mean the same thing in sentences "I nicked myself while I was shaving." and "Nick horses."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "butter" mean the same thing in sentences "Lora buttered the toast." and "Lora buttered the toast with unsalted butter."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "print" mean the same thing in sentences "Paw prints were everywhere." and "Using a crayon, the girl made a print of the leaf under the page."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "post" mean the same thing in sentences "He set a row of posts in the ground and strung barbwire between them." and "Two of the receivers ran post patterns."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "crutch" mean the same thing in sentences "He walked on crutches for a month until the cast was removed from his leg." and "He uses drugs as a psychological crutch."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "skip" mean the same thing in sentences "He skipped a row in the text and so the sentence was incomprehensible." and "Skip town."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sweat" mean the same thing in sentences "Sweat poured off his brow." and "He \'s in a sweat about exams."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "lock" mean the same thing in sentences "He was locked in a laughing fit." and "Lock the bike to the fence."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "blade" mean the same thing in sentences "Gay young blades bragged of their amorous adventures." and "A blade of lint on his suit."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "grasp" mean the same thing in sentences "A terrible power had her in its grasp." and "He has a good grasp of accounting practices."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trade" mean the same thing in sentences "The skilled trades were the first to organize modern labor unions." and "As they say in the trade."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "acquire" mean the same thing in sentences "I acquired a strong aversion to television." and "Children acquire language at an amazing rate."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "segregate" mean the same thing in sentences "This neighborhood is segregated." and "We do n\'t segregate in this county."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "dean" mean the same thing in sentences "Dean of the diplomatic corps - a country \'s most senior ambassador." and "He is the dean of foreign correspondents."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "series" mean the same thing in sentences "The harmonic series has been much studied." and "The third series of Friends aired from 1996 to 1997."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "flee" mean the same thing in sentences "He threw down his gun and fled." and "The prisoner tried to flee, but was caught by the guards."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "race" mean the same thing in sentences "Some biologists doubt that there are important genetic differences between races of human beings." and "The race is to the swift."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "crisscross" mean the same thing in sentences "Wrinkles crisscrossed her face." and "Crisscross the sheet of paper."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "web" mean the same thing in sentences "Some of that content is now only available on the Web." and "The trees cast a delicate web of shadows over the lawn."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "steep" mean the same thing in sentences "Steep the fruit in alcohol." and "Steep the blossoms in oil."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stalk" mean the same thing in sentences "I stalked the woods for game." and "Stalk the woods for deer."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "retraction" mean the same thing in sentences "Retraction of the foreskin." and "The retraction of the landing gear."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "bandy" mean the same thing in sentences "We bandied around these difficult questions." and "To bandy words ( with somebody )."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "transportation" mean the same thing in sentences "The sentence was one of transportation for life." and "Mulligan \'s sentence was commuted from death to transportation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "center" mean the same thing in sentences "They were raising money to build a new center for research." and "It is in the center of town."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "access" mean the same thing in sentences "He gained access to the building." and "He took a wrong turn on the access to the bridge."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "tack" mean the same thing in sentences "He tacked together some verses." and "Tack the notice on the board."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cybernate" mean the same thing in sentences "We live in a cybernated age." and "Cybernate a factory."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "redefinition" mean the same thing in sentences "She provided a redefinition of his duties." and "Words like ` conservative \' require periodic redefinition."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "vice" mean the same thing in sentences "Smoking is a vice, not a virtue." and "Vice offends the moral standards of the community."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "land" mean the same thing in sentences "He made it the law of the land." and "Maybe that \'s how it works in TV - land, bu not in the real world."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bar" mean the same thing in sentences "The window was protected by steel bars." and "There was no bar against leaving."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "real" mean the same thing in sentences "A real number can be regarded abstractly as an equivalence class of Cauchy sequences of real numbers." and "Every integer is a real number, but not vice versa."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "solve" mean the same thing in sentences "Solve an equation." and "Solve for x."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "superlative" mean the same thing in sentences "` most surely \' is the superlative of the adverb ` surely \'." and "The superlative of " big " is " biggest "."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "exposure" mean the same thing in sentences "The exposure of his anger was shocking." and "The studio had a northern exposure."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "kind" mean the same thing in sentences "What kinds of desserts are there ?" and "This is a strange kind of tobacco."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "vengeance" mean the same thing in sentences "Vengeance is mine." and "He swore vengeance on the man who betrayed him."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "hack" mean the same thing in sentences "He hacked his way through the forest." and "I ca n\'t hack it anymore."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "file" mean the same thing in sentences "File a complaint." and "File for divorce."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "justify" mean the same thing in sentences "The end justifies the means." and "Justify the margins."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "suspect" mean the same thing in sentences "The U.S. suspected Bin Laden as the mastermind behind the terrorist attacks." and "I suspect him of being the thief."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "claim" mean the same thing in sentences "His claim asked for damages." and "They struck in support of their claim for a shorter work day."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "arrangement" mean the same thing in sentences "The arrangement of the furniture." and "He changed the arrangement of the topics."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "action" mean the same thing in sentences "He is out of action." and "A man of action."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "contact" mean the same thing in sentences "They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings." and "They kept in daily contact."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "capture" mean the same thing in sentences "Capture an idea." and "Capture the essence of Spring."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "count" mean the same thing in sentences "Count your change." and "Your views do n\'t count here."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sensitivity" mean the same thing in sentences "A galvanometer of extreme sensitivity." and "Sensitivity to pain."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "intrude" mean the same thing in sentences "They intruded on our dinner party." and "The colors do n\'t intrude on the viewer."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "ball" mean the same thing in sentences "She kicked him in the balls and got away." and "The children were playing ball on the beach."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "principal" mean the same thing in sentences "A portion of your mortgage payment goes to reduce the principal, and the rest covers interest." and "She sent unruly pupils to see the principal."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "row" mean the same thing in sentences "They rowed the canals of Venice." and "Row the boat across the lake."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "strain" mean the same thing in sentences "He created a new strain of sheep." and "His responsibilities were a constant strain."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sleeper" mean the same thing in sentences "The British call a railroad tie a sleeper." and "The winner was a true sleeper -- no one expected him to get it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "correct" mean the same thing in sentences "The stock market corrected." and "Correct the alignment of the front wheels."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "excogitate" mean the same thing in sentences "Excogitate a way to measure the speed of light." and "The scientist must stop to observe and start to excogitate."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "glimpse" mean the same thing in sentences "We glimpsed the Queen as she got into her limousine." and "I have only begun to glimpse the magnitude of the problem."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "explode" mean the same thing in sentences "The enemy exploded the bridge." and "They sought to explode the myth."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "interest" mean the same thing in sentences "Primary colors can add interest to a room." and "They said nothing of great interest."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "matter" mean the same thing in sentences "He always took some reading matter with him on the plane." and "Is anything the matter ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "observe" mean the same thing in sentences "She observed that his presentation took up too much time." and "Please observe the reaction of these two chemicals."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "heart" mean the same thing in sentences "The wood at the heart of a tree is the oldest." and "Buddhists believe that suffering is right at the heart of all life."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "extend" mean the same thing in sentences "Extend your backyard." and "Extend a hand."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rawness" mean the same thing in sentences "After taking a cold, rawness of the larynx and trachea come on." and "Their poor behavior was due to the rawness of the troops."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "inspire" mean the same thing in sentences "The patient has trouble inspiring." and "The lung cancer patient can not inspire air very well."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "favor" mean the same thing in sentences "That style is in favor this season." and "The outcome was in his favor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "coarsen" mean the same thing in sentences "Because the wool is poor quality it will coarsen the fabric." and "Coarsen the surface."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "reek" mean the same thing in sentences "Your fridge reeks of egg." and "You reek of perfume."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "second" mean the same thing in sentences "The treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here." and "He came in a close second."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "disappearance" mean the same thing in sentences "He regretted the disappearance of Greek from school curricula." and "What was responsible for the disappearance of the rainforest ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "shock" mean the same thing in sentences "Whole fields of wheat in shock." and "He was numb with shock."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "basis" mean the same thing in sentences "He worked on an interim basis." and "The whole argument rested on a basis of conjecture."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "quarter" mean the same thing in sentences "The Latin Quarter." and "A quarter of a pound."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sickness" mean the same thing in sentences "A great sickness of his judgment." and "Drugs have become a sickness they can not cure."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "importance" mean the same thing in sentences "The importance of a well-balanced diet." and "A person of importance."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "convert" mean the same thing in sentences "Convert centimeters into inches." and "Could you convert my dollars into pounds ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "line" mean the same thing in sentences "` let me show you my etchings \' is a rather worn line." and "That salesman must have practiced his fast line of talk."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "provide" mean the same thing in sentences "The hostess provided lunch for all the guests." and "We aim to provide the local community with more green spaces."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "score" mean the same thing in sentences "He scored a 200." and "Score the clay before firing it."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "reach" mean the same thing in sentences "This car can reach a speed of 140 miles per hour." and "To reach one a book."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "balance" mean the same thing in sentences "The balance of the agreement remains in effect." and "He took what he wanted and I got the balance."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "gasp" mean the same thing in sentences "I \'m popping out for a gasp." and "She gave a gasp and fainted."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "void" mean the same thing in sentences "The huge desert voids." and "Nobody has crossed the void since one man died trying three hundred years ago ; it \'s high time we had another go."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "high" mean the same thing in sentences "Summer temperatures reached an all-time high." and "I \'m on a permanent high these days."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "campaign" mean the same thing in sentences "An election campaign." and "I managed his campaign for governor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "notice" mean the same thing in sentences "He gave notice two months before he moved." and "His hard work soon attracted the teacher \'s notice."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "flux" mean the same thing in sentences "The newness and flux of the computer industry." and "That high a neutron flux would be lethal in seconds."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "love" mean the same thing in sentences "She was his first love." and "Their love left them indifferent to their surroundings."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "treatment" mean the same thing in sentences "The treatment of water sewage." and "The right to equal treatment in the criminal justice system."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "addition" mean the same thing in sentences "The addition of five more items to the agenda will make the meeting unbearably long." and "The addition of flowers created a pleasing effect."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "harvest" mean the same thing in sentences "They gathered a harvest of examples." and "A harvest of love."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "divaricate" mean the same thing in sentences "The road divaricates here." and "Divaricate one \'s fingers."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "resign" mean the same thing in sentences "He resigned the crown to follow his heart." and "Resign a claim to the throne."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "know" mean the same thing in sentences "This student knows her irregular verbs." and "I know Latin."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "grace" mean the same thing in sentences "It has become less common to say grace before having dinner." and "Their youngest son said grace."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "read" mean the same thing in sentences "Have you read this book ?" and "The King will read the proclamation at noon."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "cross" mean the same thing in sentences "The trains crossed." and "Cross a horse and a donkey."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "eyeful" mean the same thing in sentences "She was a statuesque redheaded eyeful." and "They wanted to see violence and they got an eyeful."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "superlative" mean the same thing in sentences "` fastest \' is the superlative of the adjective ` fast \'." and "` least famous \' is the superlative degree of the adjective ` famous \'."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "edit" mean the same thing in sentences "The same family has been editing the influential newspaper for almost 100 years." and "Edit film."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "represent" mean the same thing in sentences "The flower represents a young girl." and "I represent the silent majority."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "endorsement" mean the same thing in sentences "The association announced its endorsement of the policy." and "A Democrat usually gets the union \'s endorsement."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "vacate" mean the same thing in sentences "Vacate a death sentence." and "You must vacate your office by tonight."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "chokehold" mean the same thing in sentences "The president applied a chokehold to labor disputes that inconvenienced the public." and "He grabbed the woman in a chokehold, demanded her cash and jewelry, and then fled."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rent" mean the same thing in sentences "We rented our apartment to friends while we were abroad." and "Let \'s rent a car."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sell" mean the same thing in sentences "The new idea sold well in certain circles." and "The French try to sell us their image as great lovers."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "express" mean the same thing in sentences "Italians express coffee rather than filter it." and "Can you express this distance in kilometers ?"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "juice" mean the same thing in sentences "Digestive juices." and "Squeeze the orange and some juice will come out."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "cast" mean the same thing in sentences "Cast a ballot." and "Cast a warm light."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "matter" mean the same thing in sentences "Several matters to attend to." and "What \'s the matter ?"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "content" mean the same thing in sentences "They could read to their heart \'s content." and "The two groups were similar in content."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "rusticate" mean the same thing in sentences "He was rusticated for his bad behavior." and "Rusticate the house in the country."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "converge" mean the same thing in sentences "Social forces converged to bring the Fascists back to power." and "The lines converge at this point."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bang" mean the same thing in sentences "My bangs keep getting in my eyes when I swim." and "When he struck it with a hammer, there was a loud bang."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "carry" mean the same thing in sentences "She carried herself well." and "He can not carry a tune."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wind" mean the same thing in sentences "As they accelerated onto the motorway, the wind tore the plywood off the car \'s roof-rack." and "That \'s a lot of wind."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "bury" mean the same thing in sentences "They buried the stolen goods." and "Bury a bone."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "edition" mean the same thing in sentences "The first edition appeared in 1920." and "It was too late for the morning edition."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "rank" mean the same thing in sentences "The fancy hotel was of the first rank." and "Based on your test scores, you have a rank of 23."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "train" mean the same thing in sentences "It led to a train of disasters." and "A train of thought."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "trough" mean the same thing in sentences "The buoy bobbed between the crests and troughs of the waves moving across the bay." and "The neurologist pointed to a troubling trough in the pattern of his brain-waves."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "level" mean the same thing in sentences "The hunter levels the gun before taking a shot." and "Level the ground."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "day" mean the same thing in sentences "Two days later they left." and "Every dog has its day."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stoop" mean the same thing in sentences "He stooped to tie his shoe-laces." and "I wo n\'t stoop to reading other people \'s mail."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "feeling" mean the same thing in sentences "He had a queasy feeling." and "I had a strange feeling in my leg."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "custody" mean the same thing in sentences "The mother was awarded custody of the children." and "Your guests are now in my custody."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "erupt" mean the same thing in sentences "Unrest erupted in the country." and "Erupt in anger."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "differ" mean the same thing in sentences "The winter schedule differed from the spring schedule." and "I beg to differ !"?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fear" mean the same thing in sentences "We should not fear the Communists !" and "I fear the winters in Moscow."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "ligate" mean the same thing in sentences "The enzyme ligated." and "Ligate the artery."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "sign" mean the same thing in sentences "It was a sign from God." and "Do n\'t forget the minus sign."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "presidency" mean the same thing in sentences "In France, a presidency lasts for five years." and "Ernest was a historian specializing in the presidency of Herbert Hoover."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "shuffle" mean the same thing in sentences "The data packets are shuffled before transmission." and "Do n\'t forget to shuffle the cards."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "aim" mean the same thing in sentences "He took aim and fired." and "It was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "wounded" mean the same thing in sentences "They had to leave the wounded where they fell." and "The wounded lay on stretchers waiting for surgery."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "boil" mean the same thing in sentences "Boil some water in a pan." and "Boil this liquid until it evaporates."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "victory" mean the same thing in sentences "The general always gets credit for his army \'s victory." and "Clinched a victory."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "understanding" mean the same thing in sentences "There was an understanding between management and the workers." and "He has virtually no understanding of social cause and effect."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "quarry" mean the same thing in sentences "Michelangelo personally quarried marble from the world-famous quarry at Carrara." and "A British term for ` quarry \' is ` stone pit \'."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "game" mean the same thing in sentences "For him, life is all fun and games." and "For actors, memorizing lines is no game."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "holder" mean the same thing in sentences "In 2012, there were 28 living holders of the Victoria Cross or the George Cross." and "He \'s been an account holder with us since 2004."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "chapter" mean the same thing in sentences "He joined the Atlanta chapter." and "He read a chapter every night before falling asleep."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "put" mean the same thing in sentences "Put your things here." and "We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "deflate" mean the same thing in sentences "The balloons deflated." and "Deflate the air mattress."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "love" mean the same thing in sentences "Children need a lot of love." and "A mother \'s love is not easily shaken."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "feed" mean the same thing in sentences "Her success feeds her vanity." and "Feed carrots into a food processor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "age" mean the same thing in sentences "She aged gracefully." and "We age every day -- what a depressing thought !"?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "counsel" mean the same thing in sentences "The lawyer counselled his client to remain silent." and "Psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers and other mental health professionals counsel clients."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "leak" mean the same thing in sentences "I have to take a leak." and "The leak gained on the ship \'s pumps."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "repair" mean the same thing in sentences "To repair a shattered fortune." and "To repair a house, a road, a shoe, or a ship."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "wall" mean the same thing in sentences "The wall followed the road." and "He ducked behind the garden wall and waited."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "agree" mean the same thing in sentences "They agreed about what to do." and "All parties agree in the expediency of the law."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "place" mean the same thing in sentences "Place emphasis on a certain point." and "Place a phone call."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "nursing" mean the same thing in sentences "Study nursing." and "She went into nursing as a career."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "naught" mean the same thing in sentences "All my efforts led to naught." and "It was all for naught."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "onrush" mean the same thing in sentences "The explosion interrupted the wild onrush of her thoughts." and "From the bow she stared at the mesmerising onrush of the sea where it split and foamed."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "correction" mean the same thing in sentences "The correction of his vision with eye glasses." and "Market runups are invariably followed by a correction."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "fumble" mean the same thing in sentences "He fumbled the key into the lock." and "Fumble a grounder."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "extent" mean the same thing in sentences "The vast extent of the desert." and "An orchard of considerable extent."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "stress" mean the same thing in sentences "He put the stress on the wrong syllable." and "Stress is a vasoconstrictor."?': 'No',
r'Does the word "build" mean the same thing in sentences "Build a million-dollar business." and "Build a modern nation."?': 'Yes',
r'Does the word "exchange" mean the same thing in sentences "Exchange prisoners." and "Exchange employees between branches of the company."?': 'Yes',